 insted of informing me that i have exceeded my limit they just stop my outgoing calls which is very bad . mukhtar
 I am residing at mukkolackal near manacaud Trivandrrum . Previously We had good coverage . But for the past two months coverage is very poor . All in my family had connection with Vodafone . But at this stage we r forced to think of some other connection .
 Very wost responsiple that Showroom pls close that imm otherwise vodaphone custmers change another network .
 No comments
 My ovrol experience
 I satisfied
 Good
 Arun given good service his senior john has helped me a lot . Thanks for help data setting
 Quick response
 Behaviour;tacking manner&handling ofcustmer is excellent,
 So bad
 Over all every thing was good. .
 Good atmosphere . Helping staff . Understand customers query . They could have shown different plan or scheme prior to give suggestion . Still happy as they give good recommendation .
 Good service
 The executive was kind enough to assist on my issues . And did the work fast without wasting the time .
 Good helpful executive... .
 Til nw no issues
 Store service is quite good but sometimes I can't find a way to cancel Internet pack before it's validity .
 We have recently opened corporate connection with ur company and Mr Dharmendra who is handling this account has yet not Trf the individual nos to corporate account and does not know few technical things bcoz of which there is a delay . We visited the store personally also and provided all the documentationbut not a satisfactory visit . It is really disappointing .
 Very very worst
 Over all good experience
 VODAFONE is best service provider. . Any problem related call rectify and cleared shortly . Most of my problem clears 100%. . I'm very satisfying tks VODA
 Waited for more than 1 hour .
 vry gud experience i was totally glad with vodafone service
 When we arrived at the store we were given a token number and asked to wait for our turn to talk to an executive . We were happy to see such organisationted . However once our token was called our executive was kind and cordial, taking time explain to us whatever we had asked him .
 Very good service given by exective
 Verry friendly
 Excellent
 Kindly improve 3G speed
 Nice service and totaly satisfied
 The employee at Vodafone store is not having any knowledge about my handling issue . Whatever I aak about my service, he tells we will see later . He is giving me temporary solution and not at all trying to solve my issue . He keeps saying that he will look later about my mobile Internet issue .
 Mental harrasment from vodafone . My bill issue of June isn't solved yet . Vodafone is worst when it comes to customer service . No co operation from your executives . Vodafone is a pain in the neck .
 m the beginning .
 I had not satisfied with the service provided by them
 The help was beneficial
 Very very poor service .
 It seems that Vodafone doesn't care for their existing customer and they think that existing customer won't leave them & that's why their VODAFONE RED plan is only for new Vodafone customer which is very unfair . I wanted to change my current plan to Vodafone red but I had been told that it is not available for existing customer which is very surprising and frustrating . They had no reason why it is only for new customer . This clearly shows that Vodafone o
 VERY VERY WORST
 He said to me that in my next bill 400rs . Will be off but doesn't applied it
 Very dissatisfy due to ur people last 20 days we regularly visit ur store for new conection and reliance to vodaphone but ur peoples are not take sirious
 Your store associate very helpful .
 The service of the executive was good
 The executive was repeating the same question . Dent understand my problem
 Well service.. . Keep it up
 Staff do not have full knowledge of documents requirements they we're inattentive
 welldone
 Very good reserving & nice Helping (i will give 100%) iam satisfying
 When you say token number . Then customer should be called as per token number . Irrespective of the different queries .
 Good
 GOOD
 Great experience !!
 My problem unresolved
 Staff unresponsive . staff involved in personal issues .had a tough time lodging complaints .had to do a lot of
 Nice behavior
 Better to call back to explain things .
 Good
 Excelent service
 4 good recving
 I had problem wit online quick bill payment option n at the store card payment for bill ws not available they wanted only cash Hence my rating as 7
 I didn't get my bill from past 15 days u people r saying we mailed u the bill but till today I didn't get my bill I was better in prepaid only
 Vodafone postpaid is cheater dep.
 Good
 My requirement was met
 Service was quick and
 _000
 It was nice.. .
 She was a great .
 Customer care sevice poor.center service is good
 Very quick and on time
 Executives were helpful n smart .
 1.There is not enough sitting arrangement at stores hence rating 6 2. Waiting area is little small compare to number of visitors . Hence rating 7 3. Interaction with store associate was cordial hence 8
 The executive was very friendly in talking and kindness and resolved all my queries within time .
 Minimum process , Maximum delivery of service .
 I was promised activation in 2hrs the sim was activated only for 2 days this is the second time this is happening
 People who sitting in the vodafone showroom at palakkad doesnt have the basic manners of customer service . They dont have we will help you body language.Over all i am very dis satisfied with vodafone store palakkad
 Awiad other charges
 O K NO PROBLEM
 Service was really promt
 The service is very bad bcoz u all deduct money
 Immediate response to the issues .
 Good Enough!
 I got all the information with my new sim
 Network service bad(both data & voice)
 the Customer problems even Custoner care exec . Talk with them.I had really fetup about your VMS people service .
 I was very much satisfied with what I needed, and I got a new scheme for my post-paid :)
 Please be more quick and efficient with the complaint redressal
 everything cant be reason out . this is what i felt .
 Waiting time can be reduced
 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
 This outlet good & mr shahruk is very co-op rative supportive
 I'm using Vodafone since last 7 years with same number, I visited 3 times the store since last week regarding I'm getting poor signal to use internet ,Th
 My work is done with out difficulty
 Very cooperative and helpful people who spent a lot of time to explain all details .
 call me because she got busy ..... . She had no regrets about it..... . Then next day I got a call from the previous lady from store saying the plan for 899 is not available for me.... . Right now I don't know what is happening to my plan..... . This time I will cancel my connection for sure.... . Because u guys r GARBAGE
 Good services and family atmosphere from entire staff
 PL.SEND MASSEGE EARLY
 Great experience
 The person with whom I had interacted was very lively, did understand what my requirements and resolved the issue accordingly.. . Thank you .
 It is first time Gud experience at Vodafone store at Rohini how senior citizen is treated.one comment that recently I visited canada and usa yr plan requirement to pay upfront rs 3000 for postpaid customer like me wheras airtel allowed me to use without any amount being preferred customer . Would y look this aspect Thanks Narinder kumar mehta
 Ok
 Perfect
 ormed me something, he rejected it in an insulting way . I work in corporate sales and understand the importance of relationship building . My experience wto not let people take tokens, rude behavior, lack of any service element or courtesy . 3. He was ok, although when I told him that your helpline has inf
 Y
 Very bad responce.not giving proper information.i want last month prepaid bill .
 Sorry to say that I am not able to get monthly detailed bill of November 14 after repeatedly request care less
 unexperienced stupids from store good bye
 1.The arangement f ur store atract the custmr . 2.Utilizatn technology helps customer . 3.In my view custmr can solve thr any kind of problms n your stor
 All my question answered satisfactorily . Changes done promptly .
 Time pass staffs..and not valuing customer who are in hurry
 The service of store was satisfactory
 D way shreerang handles its feals that he really keen 2 understand r problem n wanna resolve d same n m satified with his service
 Your store is good but very time c|nsuming.. . There should be more counters so more customers can be attended at d same time . And food hub should also be made
 Amazing service ,, strong network ,, good package options .. . Over all a 5 star cellular network provider .. . Very satisfied
 national SMS in rental of Rs 399 so pls kindly confirm about this bcz I m not satisfy with your plan even I get fooled by your 3rd party teller caller whminutes this is all about your borivali west care centre and 2nd part is I had port my number from Airtel to Vodafone even I m getting better plan thereing client and your staff doing cheating with others by giving a young known lady to senior citizen digit code and I was waiting there from more than 30First I face a very rare case in your attending system by including special digit code for senior citizen but this are some times facing problem for work
 I never had to wait for my turn for a longtime, as the store had sufficient service desk representatives . The representative just took hardly 5 minutes to get the job done which was time savvy . Please improve the network coverage across all locations .
 Vd care is very much appreciable
 Service was good, I am happy for using vodafone .
 y saying "we can not do" later if customer is not agreed with any optons go with customers choice. . i hav 6 vodafone connections in my house. . i am voda
 They are not friendly with coustmer . Always store manager will not their . They are not ready to listen our problem in vodafone . They speaks only rules . They just pass time without attend clients . Have to wait long time even when store is free sorry to say am unsatisfi with 6th block rajajinagar stor
 Totally satisfied with the service provided by the company...highly appreciated and looking more in Vodafone .
 Customer Service very Poor in terms of taking call
 Actlly had to go frm countr to countr to get a solutn to my prblm .
 Best Service
 askd unother man to wait who came aftr me,evn still i was in waiting que,,it mad a bad imression on me..bt finaly i got my work done nicely . thanks
 My problem is not solved since a month .data connection is very weak at my place vishakaptnam .
 Less counters than required so long waiting . Laptops with the customer service rep keeps crashing .
 Good ambience . Personal attention during visit .
 I am using vodafone for the past 7 yrs i.e from hutch but now a days the customer service is poor and false commitments so i feel like switching to othe
 dfull ..
 I would appreciate the store dealers . Their behaviour and their quick action saved my time and my work was done satisfactorily
 You people are increasing d vast for calls,data charges, msg charges by saying TROI guidelines . But as per TROI guidelines incoming roaming charges should b free, still we are charged for roaming calls.. . As a customer i am very serious on this issue.. . Until u follow correct guidelines there will be no customer satisfaction 2 VODAFONE... .
 The waiting area and the lousy highchairs wthout backrest fr customers need serious change . Pls throw the **** bench out meant for a doll hse, SO- O uncomfortable !! Replace wth sm decent chairs !.
 They are not giving clear information about my plan and also they itself don't know about plans
 -*Internet charges is high *worst possible signal in few areas *taking no interest in increasing competition,still in your own zoozoo world *giving falseadds(i saw a add claiming 70% off on data ;but when approached the store making your own story why you can't give) *you took 1month to solve a small problem of your own mistake THANK U FOR BEARING MY FRUSTRATION AND WASTING 5MIN;HOPE THIS MESSAGE IS JUST A FORMALITY AND U NEVER READ THIS:!
 Billing very fast and considerate.At B slow and not that convincing
 yes 10
 Request for replacement of Sim Card was sent thru an authorised representative, it was acted upon . I was not hopeful about getting SIM Card replaced without personally visiting Vodafone Gall
 006C0020006F0066002020B90032003500200066006F0072002000730069006D0020006300680061006E0067006500200061006C00740068006F00750067006800200069002000680061007600650020006E006F00740020006300680061006E0067006500640020007400680065002000730069006D002E
 Really very good service . Keep it up . Thanks a lot
 I got solution forvthe problem within minutes . Good service
 Good experience
 The responsible peraon was nt so interactive to me as customer at Vodafone centre
 I'm satisfied with ur services .
 Please extend ur number of ur mini stores so as to treat ur customers fastly.. .
 Great
 they gave me meaningless excuse for my complaints . ..and said they will reply me in 24hrs about my complaints...and I know they wont reply me .
 I visited vodafone store for the reason of my 3 vodanumbers are not connceted to customer care from october 12th fluds effected in visakhapatnam to tillnow but the issue is not resolved from vodafone store .
 The service is really good
 Customers cannot wait till month end to see their bill . At any point in billing period they must be able to see their bill . Vodafone store service can ne better
 Good service
 My queries were handled efficiently and without any hassle .
 our network in future
 reduce my bill amount.i have 49/- pack for 3 Vodafone no.calling free but I have came to know today that Vodafone is charging for that calls also . TodayI have went to store but there is place to sit.i have attended my compliant standing.the executive who attended my complaint was not able to answers prore to others .
 Your junior- most employees seem to be the least trained in people skills !
 The service which you are provide is good But there is a problem of 3G in the area where I am staying So I recommend you to accept your service And provide good and better service And in the last bill There was a problem due to that I have to go till the store I have deactivate my last plan Then also itdid not stopped And due to that my bill got more Thankyou for your service
 I m very much happy and satisfied with vodafone services .
 It took more than an hour for someone to attend me even if there were only 3 people . Your representative told me my card from prepaid to postpaid will beactivated in 4 hours, it's more than 12 hours & it's still not active . Very poor experience with Vodafone
 Everything was fine but lot of time was wasted in gallery 45 minutes just for SIM card
 Awesome service by jagjit .
 Always good services
 Ok
 Good Service
 Very very poor service at your
 We have paid the money last month itself but not updated in your records . Every day i was getting atleast 2 calls to make payment . I am based out of dubai now really getting frustrated with your staff and your records which never updated . Your service standards are just gone down so much i just cant believe . Time to wake upbefore its too late
 Swift fast n timely
 Your store associate was very rude and he was not ready to accept his mistake even though the fault was from your side . And also let him know about a basic marketing term that a customer is a king and learn to respect him and not ignore the problems he is facing . And the name of your associate was Irfaanof Goregaon east vodafone store . Please look into it . Thank you .
 Gud
 I got good response from them and fully satisfied
 I wanted to change my plan from postpaid to prepaid . ...but the store associate did not show interest in my request along with negligence . ..
 Very good service that is the reason
 The overall experience was very good, way better than those on telephonic conversation .
 I took 10 days international international roaming last month for which you charged me Rs 3000 . Today when I went to asked how will my 3000 Rs get adjusted since my payment is done through ECS . They started asking each other . Then I was told I first have cancel my international roaming . Which was valid for ten days only . Nobody informs you when u take international roaming . Then after I cancel roaming 25 days later I will get a cheque . Why not adjust against my bill . Secondly there three conflicting messages from your service provider in Malaysia . Please retrieve the messages and see . Fed up with shoddy service . Kalaninagar branch is always short staffed . You better look and do spot checks there . You took another Rs 1000 if I make international calls from Bombay . Fed up with your dumb rules
 It was a nice experience over there....good interior...all were gud...nice...keep it up. . :)
 It was too time consuming..your employee was not trqined well...every time he kept going to supervisor
 good service . Nd vry gud exprience with vodafone
 Unreasonable deduction problem not solved.even recharge amount not reversed .
 Network and related other segment is good but billing and it's explanation is very unsatisfactory .
 Super welcome nice talk over all toooo good and this is the best response ever seen in my life .
 Mujhe sim activate ke liye 100 rupe +25 rupe ka charge dena pada E-paisa n lene se sim ko dene se mana kar diya tha Ab mai majburi ki mai apna numbercontinue rakhana tha to extra 100rupe charge dena pada Allahabad civil line store Store me anjali ne form fill kiya fir dusare counter par sapna ji nekaha ki yadi sim lena ** to e-paisa service activate karvani hogi nhi to dim nhi milegi So i dont like vodafone service
 Good reception nice approach warm speech
 Customer service is better but not satisfied with vodafone offers
 I am very much disappointed with vodafone services . My msg pack was over so i activated a small msg pack of Rs.20 and without any information my previousmsg pack deactivated and then charges of extra msgs were put in my unbilled amount . I want to leave vodafone .
 Neither your customer care nor your store associates are helpful..very arrogant and with lots of attitude . And one important thing is one of the *******
 Sitting arrangements should be there for every counter . More number of payment counter should be available
 Please talk soft to coustomer
 Services are good but staff mamber behavior is not good
 Very casual approach + offered response without checking the due process for similar issues or precedents
 immprove your post paid plane offers .
 Your service is very good .
 Verygood
 Thanks and for good support
 Fast efficient and effective .. . Very good experience
 Do not replace original documents of customers with false and self generated documents by your home visited executives
 My complaint is not taken care of
 I have four postpaid sim of your company . From last two months i have deactivated your service of itemised bill and i m not receiving them too . Still i have been charged for same So i visited ur gallery there they told me that u r charged because we r sending itemised bill on ur mail . Which is so untrue as i m informed that u dont charge for it . I have observed that at your gallery at ghatkopar they say things which is not true .
 professional attitude yet to be improved .
 This was my worst experience ever in my life.because my network is not good that's why m come to the gallery but your executive told me our Vodafone network is not good in goregoan so you port to another network.thats why am rating zero .
 Satisfaction is the reason
 Good
 Waiting, rude behaviour, improper training, poor product knowledge,
 mean....now i hv to mail again for plan change....this is really dissapointing... .
 is costember speak riletion was awesome
 Good experience well handled by the guy
 Oveall satisfactory
 Your employees are behaving as highly professional but at the same they don't have time for customers .
 Thanks a lot
 Good vokablrety of u r staff Know her job very well Understand clint and receive and cleared problem very fast .
 The Vodafone Store has always been very helpful . Everyone is ready with information and to answer all queries . I am personally always very satisfied with
 I was not able to activate a mobile data plan even after 4 attempts I had to wait for an hour at the store even when there were only 5 people before mesince half of the customer associate were not there on the counters Then she was not able to solve the issue But at least she was polite and gave satisfactory replies to my problem
 Internet speed should be improved and internet packs prices should be decreased .
 My ratings are positive just bcos of one person mr . Prem whom i interacted .
 I can't reach u, since complaint & enquiry peocess took a long time
 Rating is based on personal experience .
 since this is the first time and that too for a small seruice i haue rated this way .
 Mistake of ur staff ,harresment of me
 Since last fifteen days m suffering from poor vodafone network N call failure during calls I am really unsatisfied with vodafone So kindly do needful Otherwise i have to change my card soon Hoping your good response Thanking you
 10 out of 10
 Ur service was extremely good . The person whom I ctc has done a very good job.I appreciate him for giving a vry good service
 Just because your staff & employee who interact with me is very helpful & welbehaved.. .
 ike this planning to disconnect the connection
 The ratings are as per the degree of satisfaction . Thanks .
 Great service
 The associate was very helpful and was able to answer all my queries . Only problem was that the system was down so the plan I wanted could not be activated immediately .
 The Environment is very good in Vepery Store . Fantastic . Red plans are amazing . I want to know more on Red plans and its benefits . Thanks .
 It was great experieance n service exillent . Keep it up,
 Very bad experience . No word to describe .
 I like the person who attend me.. .
 Store associates had attend me peoerly and solved my problem promptly . Good experience .
 Thanks for everything... . Just Keep it up .
 The store associate was more interested in selling me broadband dongle and did not know what documents he needs to take . Changed the counter after disappearing a few times . Scratched my phone while removing sim, and seeming like just going through the motions .
 It's good and I am glad that you people solved my problem quickly
 To get this free gift i had visited Vodafone store 3 times still didn't receive the gift??? ? Help me to get it as soon as possible
 Problem of " no connectivity" in my consulting room still persisting(more than 20 days) . Shall I change the service provider ?
 Good best than anyother store
 Your Store Associate Named Ashwin is very good . Made me soo easy . Like Vodafone a lot now .
 Very very busy outlet but was assured service in spite of long queue thanks
 Its Just Better and Easy to use than other one .. .
 I'm in karur your Vodafone store aproach is very bad . And very worst customer interaction very bad very bad I'm unsatisfied
 Verry goood exprience.... . I sugest my friends for vodafone.. . Thankyou
 The waiting times at your stores are worse than a goverbment office
 One of the best experience...the store associate Mr.sridhar made me feel very comfortable !! He cleared all my doubts wit utmost patience !! N he was very smoothing !! ! The ambience was very good too. . Excellent store
 Driving licience ki zerox post paid se prepaid karwane ke liye sahi nahi aa rahi date ,photo clear nahi hai bolke reject kiya or other vodafone store mejab vohi zerox naye number ke liye diya toh bola yeh document chal jayega yeh kya baat hai
 They ask me to activate m-pesa on my Vodafone number and took the money also but still m-pesa is not activated . Other operators are giving better services . Don't commit the time, and if you commit make that work to be done on time .
 Excelant service .
 Very good
 Please change my name which is PAVAN KUMAR Not RAVAN KUMAR
 I satisfied with services what you are providing keep continue .
 I had expected a btr reception from the store associate and a more helpful attitude. . He was somehow rude at some point.. .
 Good interaction wit customr
 Gud service
 I feel very good . Visit in store . My complaint done very well . So I give the good rating .
 Stayed there for half hour but unabe to get a glass of water requested twice. .
 Pk
 Gave me wrong info ...no efficiency in work ...pathetic customer service overall
 Very good
 I need conference call on my number and unlimited out going calls
 Its very good experiance
 Though I had to go twice today, the service was fast and effective
 U all r jst incredible .
 Very poor service no value for the custmer time n all the staff is unexperince
 Very good experience
 Good
 It was really pleasant service, the executive attended me was good understanding the issue and helped with quick resolution . Please forward my regards tohim . Thanks so much for activation of sim .
 I have satisfied and experience wad pleasant .
 Vodafone is a great company.. .
 Satisfied by your welcome, gentle response and approach .
 I am not at all satisfied as becoz your company is giving me free gift but the condition is very ridiculous
 In Warangal the way of approach of Lavanya n padma is very good n great.. .
 Q3. 4
 I don't have time for this, sorry .
 Exelent
 Good person
 FREE
 Payback card not delivered inspite of several reminders
 Got the job done quickly
 Firstly, after taking the new connection from vodafone I had to visit it 4 times within a period of just 6 days . Secondly, after doing the verification it was declared unsuccessful requiring a third party payment responsibilty when I qualify all the eligibilty criterions to make the payment myself . I needa concrete reason for this warning of deactivation of my network connection and a permanent solution to this requirement of regular visits to vodafone store .
 10 $@n_? ?@n@:)
 The way they addressed is ok . But they promised me that I'll get response call from Vodafone before Friday 6.00pm . But so far I didn't even get any sms .
 Vodafone give me a nice service every time so I love vodafone
 Good & quick service and costumer care .
 good expiriance
 ..... .
 Problm NOT solved .
 Your associate Miss Sandhaya was gud & dedicated toward's job
 Good communication & understanding power .
 Wow experience in voda store
 Vodafone family of bilaspur is such a wonderful team
 The response was so nice
 or pacified quickly .
 Excellent service
 Good experience in.store . Keep the good service
 When I request to update the plan its not happening on time as they promise.lot of delays every time.The tariff which they suggest each time is resultingin a huge bill which I Dont expect.Vodafone should improve its service and customer care.The network also is bad at few places within Bangalore .
 Abhi tak sin activate nhi hui
 The store associate makes you feel like a premium long term customer in spite of it being your first time in the store .
 Simple the service which got is superb
 Your customer care services need to improve.. .
 The staff needs to know their job they have no idea what they are doing and are completely uninformed
 Person sitting in seat should know all the details or plans for the customers . ..instead of telling us to call 111 for details.and giving brochures ..payment machine gave marks whatever is given
 Its was a awsm experience to visit at voda offibe . Helpfull staff..really appreciate n thanx...would like to visit again .
 The store representative was really helpful and she attended to all wuestions with complete professionalisim . She identified my needs and was given a gudplan . I left shop with a smile on my face . The store atmosphere was very nice and had a proper queue/token system - not like the idea store I visited . Ihave recomended vodafone and its store to my family and friends . Thnks for being so .
 Better services than airtel!! !
 Good experience.. . The store associate was pleasant and attentive to my questions . And she addressed them fully with good answers.. .
 Very good experience
 Very good network . Good customer caring . Fully satisfied . Thanks Vodafone team
 Helpfull & carefull staff
 Bcoz of quick service and good suggestion of rental plan according to usage
 Happy with the services tendered by staff . Sorry for Network, which disappears frequently . GKSrivastava
 I very happy to enjoyed the Vodafone service . Best wishes to all .
 Manohar 10marks
 Please call me on my number before I port to Airtel by tomorrow evening as I am already filling the form for the same
 Your servies are very good keep on going that and i am really fell happy to be the part of your network system i love to use vodafone
 Poor
 Keep it up
 Good service
 They doesn't tell me anything, what they were doing .
 Server was down so i had to wait for 10 minutes . 10 minutes i waited in a queue . finally I left without my query solved
 Nice
 My call keep dropping even after changing the sim card and none at vodafone is able to provide a solution .
 Very good customer service & support. . Happy to help
 hey did not even listened my complaint not even ur custnor care but when i visited jalandhar store my coplaint is listebed properly and ur agent emailedhigher authority in front of me first time my query is listened properly and forwared but i did not get any money back as u did not even replied to ur agent properly and u sent mail so late that i have pressed some buten which i did not but i am happy that there are few persons in ur company who r honest
 Iam very much happy about the feedback that i have get from your store executive.Thank you .
 Today i have recharged of Rs 50 and now balance is Rs.18. Now tell us uus ut not necessary to inform us why Rs.30 again deducted from my recharge .The rating of services depend on what type if sarvice you are providing to the customer . Now you decide the rating for your service .
 Their was no response to my problem
 Good network coverage throughout India . Store associates very co-operative .
 ays back I visited ur store personally & lodged my complaint . But calls never stopped . Not only that , u hav changed my tarrif plan without my consent.Again I had to visit ur office for rectifying ur mistake . Unfortunately there is no proper response to my grievence .
 Excellent service given .. .
 Vandana madam in ur laxmi nagar vodafone one of the best employees as she helped me in choosing the best plan that suits me as well as her response timeis v good
 GOOD
 Your reps have very poor product knowledge and and lack of confidence to discuss the customer needs
 It was a very good experience .
 Every thing was good except long waiting time .
 Over all good response .
 When i went to your store i found that each n every staff of your store was well dressed and well bhaved and my request was done in a minute even your gate keeper was also so well manered . I feel very happy to see that devotion about their work . Thanks
 Vodafone change my life my business
 Slow working
 Very satisfied
 Overall good experience
 Your service is too poor There is no network coverage 3G is not working Many more things
 I HAD PAID YOU ONE DAY LATE YOU HAD BLOCK MY OUTGOING SERVICE AND PUNISHMENT GAVE BY YOU WHEN I HAD YOUR PAYMENT AFTER THAT FROM YOUR SIDE ASKING FOR PAYMENT SO WHICH PANISHMENT I GIVE YOU?? ?
 Please call
 My prblm was discussed at da store..I guess she did sum stngs too..aftr dat my phn stopped gtng sgnls at all..bt my prblm din get slvd yet..Vodafone ***** ! :(
 Y
 product at right time with right price regards Gagandeep Kaur
 rds, Pooja jain
 I have recently by portability from MTNL to Vodafone . So visited ur store at Prabhadevi but I was not satisfied with ur ladies at counters I got seniorcitizen no 13 being senior citizen I did not get proper information on Pre-Paid coupons because I am not interested I Mobile to mobile recharching . Please let me know in details about the coupons available bin the shops
 Very responsive sales person.A girl .
 What i expected, neatly n quickly dealt by the service person.thanks
 Always feel comfortable with the store, issues were addressed properly
 I walked into Vodafone store in search for a new prepaid connection . I waited for like 20-25 min for my turn . Finally, when I asked for a new prepaid connection, the associate replied that I can give you a normal sim card today and you will have to come tomorrow for nano sim card . I insisted him to give me nano sim card right away and fill the sim replacement form . Associate agreed to this and gave me nano sim card right away . Then he said that your sim will be activated within 2 hours . Unfortunately, it was not activated until next day and I went to Vodafone store again . I asked the associate that why mysim is still inactive ? He replied that your form was misplaced, then he finally found the form but then he said I cannot activate your sim now as my idis blocked . Someone entered wrong password thrice . Then I was promised that your sim would be activated before end of the day but, it was not activated till the end of day . Next day again I went to Vodafone store and after waiting for about an hour my problem was solved and the sim was activated . In a professional organization like Vodafone, misplacement of forms, entering wrong password thrice and finally taking 3 days to activate a sim is not acceptable . I was highly disappointed by the service .
 Very Good
 10(*)
 The store should have more space .
 only during initial stage .
 Good service given executive
 The representative are comitting and they are not abiding as per the commitment
 o SIM card and Azhar was totally uncooperative . These are the reasons for my poor rating .
 Not satisfied vth d responce of one of ue executive
 Overall Good experience.. . good knowledge of problems and their solutions.. . Solved my queries within minutes.. .
 Excellent service
 It was nice talking to your employee & listening my issue carefully & provide right solution & also speak very politely thatswhy I'm giving 10 rating .
 in anticipation of service promised but not yet realised
 I am planning to move from postpaid to prepaid from last 6 minths . its not happening that btm Vodafone store executives saying all nonsense things. . So
 Faster service and correct response to my query .
 Customer service representative was very helpful and in no hurry . Could resolve all my queries .
 Super service
 Very good
 and ask for another document .
 vphone, vphone office &ccare r supe....r....b
 I have u r customer for 13years.but u r billing is fraud .100percent i can say that.u have kaken so much of money .
 You made me aware of the wastage and gave me a solution . So i am very impressed .
 Courtesy..understanding the need..not showing that your customer has come at closing time..seemed like a government office
 Good, thank you
 I am not aware with whom or at what level I am interacting . Not comfortable this way .
 I like the way of Mohammed azharuddin has helped me bout ma tariff changes thank u azhar
 Very few netwrk
 First of all your executives are not interested to attend the customer. . They will not even bother to ask you to have seat ..And will not tell all the details at once as they must I say .. Basic thing is that you should have at least a Xerox machine at your store so customer don't get frustrated by searching Xerox shops near by . If we are talking to them in between they will listen/talk to other store guy without excusing the person who is standing in front of you from r your response .overall they are least bother about customer .
 Your floor supervisor was not help full to any costumer of Dombivali store
 10/10
 There is no co-ordination between ur gallery and cc executives bcause of whch i had to face lot of issues
 B
 Good service . Immediate solution .
 Vodafone is awesome...luv it. .
 We r not satisfied for extra late payment charges . Since last two years we r paying in time except some month the reason of unexpected circumstances orn . It is ridiculous.say family function and tours . One more thing is credit limit . You can see the graph of billed amount....rising n rising but cr limit us going down n dow
 the service provided by santosh n pranali was excellent . Not only did the respond to what i was asking for, but santosh went a step ahead to offer me a solution that involved no hassles and solved my issue without incurring additional cost . Kudos to him .
 n/vodafone-fraudulent-charges-mgossip-pack for similar issues faced by customers
 Associate was very polite, co-operative and assisted me to solve my problems
 0047006F006F006400200061006E006400200071007500690063006B002000530065007200760069006300650020D83DDC4D
 hat after that also the internet is not working properly
 I am not getting proper signal at my home & regularly have to rush out of my house to take call every time plus problem of call drop regularly Kirtibhai
 Issue resolved now I can rate 8 for all above . Thanks
 Employees in Vodafone store are taking too long time to respond.. . Service are too slow. .  No proper network .
 They are very helpful so i love them .
 Good
 Was waited for 45 min for my turn to come discovered ur representatives sitting ideally but not calling customers reached around 1830 left disappointedlyaround 1915 coupon No 202
 Please change my plane to my old plan else I will go to other service providers . ..
 Overall good service by the store
 Treatment was quite upto the mark and info provided was clear n simple
 New Vodafone stores is very good your staff members are very good and very good experience
 The Executive failed to start net @ my blackberry ph . I activated 399 , but till now I'm not able to use net !! Can U tell why ? Or what shld I do now ?
 The executive saurabh was not helpful at all .
 not satisfactory it took more than 24hrs to solve an issue which didn't worth. .
 I was served well, in time and staff very helpful
 Customer executive kiran was very helpful and proactive .
 Excellent
 0.and I am sorry for still I am with Vodafone . But this is promise that as soon as possible I will be porting to idea
 I cant understanding ur ques .
 Recognizing that I was a senior citizen, I was given treatment what is always expected from the new generation . I was attended with extreme courtesy andmy job attended with speed . Helpful youngsters did not give me any opportunity to move from the desk where I was made seated . God bless them ! I do notremember their name but am simply impressed by their attitude towards senior citizens . Thanks.. .
 For activation and deactivation process request act immediately . Don't take too much time .
 I found staff very cooperative, prompt, and got my new connection within reasonable time . My best wishes to staff members .
 1) there was shortage of staff and the some of the counters were lying empty . 2) the staff seem to b tired rather than energetic .
 It's always far too crowded, there should be more galleries, yet being a senior citizen, I am satisfied .
 Complete info given
 Everything was good. . just dun make it a source of income and free WiFi zone in ur store will b an awesome option
 The cust rep was not helpful at all, he was looking to avoid working with me by giving excuses . It turned out that they were sitting on our request formore than 3 working days for which he came up with yet another excuse and from that point onwards it took another 3 working days to get the line working.Pathetic service . Totally unacceptable .
 Connection disconnected . Bill not received inspite of repeated requests . On sending the man your staff first denied . Then I went personally and came to know that your both the printers r not working . Somehow I got the printouts for months for total amt of rs.900/- whereas your demand was of rs.1981/- whenI requested for rest of the bills for bank's record your team assist mr.bari told me that how can I take the bills ? I left your store than after depositing Rs.1980 in the machine with great displeasure and holding my disconnected mobile phone in my hand . That's all .
 the outlets some or the other subscribers are always have displeasure which comes out in a way of anger
 Exchange of old sim to a new microsim . Went to chadni chowk vodafone store . They replied dont have the stock, go to B.B.D . Bag vodafone . Visited BBDBag vodafone
 My problem with regard to internet connection remains unresolved .
 I like but 100% not satisfid
 3rd class services
 ator **** &dirty experience you people better change the franchise
 The worst service I had ever get from Vodafone and from store at ghatkopar mr rajesh the store in charge
 Staff was very cooperative and humble .
 00750067006800200020006D00610069006C002000660072006F006D00200056006F006400610066006F006E00650020000A0059006F007500720020005000410059004200410043004B0020004E0075006D006200650072003A00A00039003400300031003100360030003700350030003400350037003000300032t it is not available for you and I have received acard number throI am not getting my payback card and our executive naushad told tha
 Vry supportive
 I wish more associates r given to store
 Because ur person told me that vodafone will call me..but till now no one has call neither my charges are reversed. . So i am unhappy with vodafone. .
 No , let some one senior call
 Good servies From BTM store exc
 The intraction with exsecutive miss . Parul was wonderfull very helpfull understanding and proffection
 I am 7 year old customer to vodafone , when I have changed my address it is impossible to update it without the documents which they are asking but I can get a new sim card within a day without proper document .
 My problem was not solved by visiting the store ...though the concern person was polite.. .
 See i lost 2 sims on 17th because i lost my phone . One of the sims was issued in lucknow and the other one in vellore, Tamil Nadu . Well im in LKO at the moment and so they issued me the sim of lko only and not the one of tamil nadu. Now i dont have my other no . till now . it was +919843888943 .
 Inefficient slow working lazy staff at vodastore Panipat .
 Great service
 Very cooperative And resolve the doubts And good behaviour .
 Your gallery executives are utter nonsense and are furious over porting issues . Please teach them to behave .
 It took long time to come my number but then they help me to short out my problem .
 Hassle free, easy and fast process .
 ning to exicutive and still the my query is pending . I dont get any reply from your side .
 Feel free to Call me . I have already put in a porting request
 0 or -10
 U answer my question
 Is services was good and quick
 They were proactive to my problem
 Haven't u read already
 Best
 A call back has been arranged to discuss it . Too long a message to write back . TY.
 Too long waiting time . Increase number of cash counters
 Plz ask ur person there . They should explain why a client was unhappy
 I had to go to the Vodafone office 3 times on 9th september, 17th november and 18th december to disconnect the IMC plan, but its still being included inthe bill .
 The new red packages are very adaptably priced for every user .
 at your store ketan maru has done nothing till date now yestarday now shaquib and usha meet me and they said they will reslove the issue in 8days but I dont think so that everthing will get reslove such pathetic serivce is offered by you'll that one problem I have visited 5 times no solution give till date The query is Change of my vodafone account 4m corporate to individual Then activating 4 services 1 Gk @ 149/- in which I get 400 local min + 100 localsms 2 @ 49/- Vodafone intercalling 1 number free 24X7 Mob No.9167594764 3 @ 35/- 350 local sms free 4 for 6 mths after local free min local calls @ 0.30
 Lady who attended us was very helpful and explain everything very softly
 No comments .
 The boy who helped me was good me being a senior citizen appreciates such service n this is the second time with him thank you
 Experience with all staff is good but there were little miscommunication among staff and it delayed me but was not individual fault .
 Waiting time is long and there is inadequate sitting arrangement while waiting
 Nice exp .
 Good experience
 Y
 I m satisfied
 Very good service from bilal
 I am getting .charged 300 rs every month for internet I am not using and.your representative was very rude about.it and I am still paying 300 bucks everymonth and I don't know how to stop it . I might change my carrier .
 four
 The process of tramsfering the simcard from one person to another is very lenthy and time taking. .
 Good friendly staff and professional approach
 Yes
 good ..
 Exp was good . Surely you can make it better .
 Y
 se devise a mechanism for such irregularity.Thanks .
 am u all have .:-)))
 1. Benefits available to me was not told 2. When i insisted, those were not explained properly . 3. Lack of customer focus .
 Our experience has been pathetic . We have been levied with roaming data charges without usage . We have proof on our phone but it was of no use . We were promised a reversal but only 30% was offered . Then they went back on their word . We had to fight for it & again we were promised a reversal which was notapproved . A 3rd visit to the store yesterday ensured a reversal post 48 hrs . We are still waiting . Customer service is a hoax , the company is pilfering data & you cannot keep ur word . This is not what vodafone used to be . What it has become is a shame n a shame .
 I have given these ratings because I had a pleasant experience when I went for my query . I have always had a good experience visiting any Vodafone store.Thank you .
 Friendly helpful
 Im very unhappy with the service . I hv been facing problem with ISD call rates . I hv been complaining customers care and even visited Vodafone store butitz of waste . Im planning to port it to some other network if continues . Call rates r very high even after changing d plan.. .
 IF YOU CAN CALL ME THAN I CAN TELL MY EXP.0.
 Too gud service
 Staff is rude
 Unnecessary charges levied even if the required pack is active . Highly unsatisfied because of Faulty bill charged every month .
 The whole experience was good only thing was either because of less staff the waiting period was more than expected
 I want my pesa password please.. . D msg of pasward has been deleted by me . Its my request .
 Tashqueen is really helpful . ..he gives a prompt resolution everytime . Thanks .
 Understanding and dealing with the customer 's problem in a decent way , solved problem in same day and then confirming whether customer is satisfied or
 Ur coverage is not good . Found it to b so on our travels . That's why the low rating . But Ur service was good & efficient .
 C10
 Nice behaviour & ambience
 Pls call me,
 Everything is good .
 Supervisory person, at the entrance , helped me getting coupen ( no . 4 ) and guided me to the counter . There as well as at cash counter I was attended willingly and promptly . I am happy !
 M happy to d voda service as well as d team effort also specially miss nivedita bhargav is a vry hard working abt d problm which we face nd my exp wid vodafone is very gud nd m i will b regular customer of voda thanx
 Its gd job done by dem
 It is amberasing from ur side there is sim card problem but churchgate store people don't understand the issue I am hold more then 10 yrs but now its bad exp
 e these days . You can listen to the recorded conversation . ...Thanks
 Because My Work is Completed In Only 5 Minutes..Mr.Amit Is Verry Helpful Person..Maine Jo Pucha Unhone Mujhe Bahut Aacche Se Samjhaya..He is A Verry Nice Person
 Close Vodafone
 VODAFONE STORE VASANT VIHAR I VISITED THEY TALKED TO ME RUDELY THEY SAID THAT I CAN PORT OUT FROM VODAFONE I AM VERY MUCH SHOCKED FROM THEIR BEHAVIOUR
 Mr.Javed at the church gate store was unbelievable helpful . Went out of his way to help out over the span of 2 days .
 First of all interaction was very harsh . They were talking so rudely . Secondly they hardly know any thing . What ever I was asking to them, they were justsaying WE DONT KNOW SIR, BUT I CAN CHANGE YOUR SIM. And in ur store while geting problem solve, customer will remain stand and your associates will remain sit on chairs, even with womens! ! how rude was that .
 ear quickly . .. Im happily appreciate t harish. . .
 I have submitted adhar card as my address proof at the time of booking this number.However wrong address is entered in ur system . Pl update correct address in ur system
 1. I rated vodafone services quite low becoz of the costly data and call rates and quite low network coverage in my village area . Specially net service i
 The exeutive I met in store was full of energy & he help me the way I expect .
 Today i got best offer for data 3G & 2G ok thanks vodafone
 I want to change my ownership and address for this number and they said it can only be done if u change ur sim from prepaid to postpaid i dont want postpaid sim and secondly there is connection problem in su block pitampura all my family members have vodafone and we r thinking to change it to airtel manycustomers of vodafone living in this block changed their sim
 2 hours waiting . No place to sit .
 Time taken. . Overall experience of your store
 The person who assisted me with my problem was very professional
 Still am unable to access my Internet after repeated requests . Two days over
 No Comment
 Everything is fine but my work is not completed
 Good
 ustomer
 Vodafone is doing nice and quick service...i want pass my long time with them. .
 No final solution after visiting three times
 EXCUTIVE TRET WITH VERY POLITE AND DELITALY
 Mr. Sridar Rs puram work very good .
 Very unprofessional and careless attitude . Trying to prove and convince that they are correct and customer is wrong .
 That's how I thought .
 Excellent priority based service .
 Finally my rating is 10 & coments vodafhone take care persenlly our great wishes with all vodaphone team who take there custmer to take care personlly !!!!! !
 mess and tried to cover up with lies and stories . Very very sad by Vodafone staff.... .
 Verymuch cordial Mr.SUMIT
 Excellent sunny Very nice info given by him May god bless him But network issue facing in my area. . Must be resolved soon
 Vodafone is good services and i would like to really appreciate to your agent who always ready happy to you
 Great service good response
 and keep it up......... .
 Very cooperative & helpful desk
 Its nice
 Experience with Store representative is fine but vodafone service in not satisfied still some query Need interaction with CSM
 It will further increase if my problem is solved at your earliest
 My sim related issue is not yet resolved...Also after inputing your Postpia sim, my network goes off for certain time, which is ver inconvenient..Even afdafone are not ready to tk responsibilityter addressing the same & changing the sim..The issue still continues & thereby am not entirely happy..There are many others things, However people in Vo
 Customer care officer can be more courteous .
 Sales person was good done, was quick in replacing SIM and getting it activated in 2 hours .
 You asked to give the ratings
 Start more vodafone stores and help customers.. .
 Good response
 It is very good . I like to talk with Vodafone associated .
 Best service given by executive
 I am feeling that I am using best service provider so just want to say best of luck for future
 Understaffed store
 The interaction between customer and care is not good
 I wanted to transfer the no . from my company ac to my name . I approached the vodafone shop and made requedt by filling necessary forms . Very well attended by the staff . Second activicating the no . It was totally seamless . Only some time took to get the internet get activiated . Hw ever overall experience was vry good .
 Vodafone is unable to help in querries nd confusion regarding my internet bill amount....I am thier customer for last 7 years....now I have send request
 The associate there really help me.. . He treated me very firmly and kindly and helped me a lot ...he solved my issue ..thanx
 Not bad
 Did not got the desired number in prepaid
 Response was not proper
 Good service
 Very courteous,easily explained all details,ready to help.Only con is the too long wait time for a low customer presence .
 Your service is too fast . I am fully satisfied with your service .
 I went to pay bill and showed my desire for number portability but none asked me why . Secondly there is a data festival going on but I was not even toldonce about it I came to know about it from a friend. .
 Suggessions has given properly as my requirement . And compleation of work with speedy manner .
 There was no arrangements to sit
 Vodafone store staf is very missbehaveing
 Very Good I have waited few mins many people involved to solve the issue but one person he helped me individually to get Sim replaced
 I m satisfied with the service
 Your store associates warmly welcomed me and explained all your product details, I could have give this rating earlier , due to my busy schedule I haven't,
 TIMELY ACTIVATION OF NEW LINES AND PRECISELY PERFECT SERVICES AT WODAFONE STORES MIRA BHYANDER RD.
 time . It was frustrated .
 It was v long declaration from me which didnot set to you or my cell not sporting
 It took more than 30 minutes to get the service despite being the first customer in store . Nobody looked interested in serving the customer, despite of amanager instructing them to attend to the customer . It's been nearly 20 hours for the request not being served, wherein the commitment given was for 2 hours .
 Very pathetic response . No resolution
 There not given satisfactary ans
 I m very satisfied with all
 I never got any solution from your store . Every time they said to come next day .
 Already dn that
 Your people don't listen to problem . I deposit money in morning . But my phone was restored in late night . Despite request to restore it . so moving toother services provider
 Not so satisfied with your store associate's reply wen asked for any doubt...... .
 The person who was dealing with me had good quality to maintain relation with people .
 Good staff .
 Too much wait time and staff not familiar with few products like ***** berry
 It was a great experience . The associate Mr. Harshit treat us very nicely. . All over it was a good experience . Thank you. .
 Once customers activate any plan, please send them SMS related to plans (e.g . ACT MI100/ CAN MI100) in advance so that customer need not come to store thus avoiding wastage of time . Also avail cheap services . Vodafone is very costlier . Atleast think about middle class people or students . Hope you takethis feedback seriously !
 Good and perfect
 The Internet is very poor
 they are not treating well in monarchs
 Well dRessed well attitude well clean showroom amandeep excrlent behviour boy
 I am very satisfied of your total servies . Thank you.. .
 Gud and super fast service
 Lovely chawla ne mere se bht achche se bat ki meri problam solv ki vary good neture all staf
 FREE
 The staffs were really dedicated to the customers
 This is obnoxious and worst
 Very bed . It's a grocery store . No loby management no sitting arengment in stores no water arengment no one ask for help . No one staff Happy to help .
 It is very awesome meeting with your representative in your store .
 Hey who assist me was very nice person and the store was very neat and clean and very important thing i got services on time
 Vry gud. .
 1. I had more than an hours wait . Since counters were subject specific many of the customers who came in much later were catered to before . 2. I wantedto deactivate one of my post paid sim cards . Instead of canceling the card and receiving the outstanding amount, a procedure that can extend to the next
 Executive gave complete information on plans & it made me to refer my frnds to choose Vodafone,Keep it Up Gurudutt! ! Vodafone should recruit pple like u
 Services area good .
 Customer satisfaction is on top priority, that's what you fulfilled n will keep you on top from others .
 Lam satisfied to interact the vodafone service .
 Personal touch by the service adviser .
 good experience
 Only Harsh was knowledgeable about blackberry . I hv visited ur store at Swastik Society, Ahmedabad nd nobody knew anything there .
 They listened my problems carefully and tried to solve the same and the system is very systematic .
 Yes
 Your official Mr.Ezhumalai was very helpful in every way . Fur ther it would be nice if a cup of coffee is offered to your custome rs.Again in this age SIM card sho uld be activated soon after purch ase .
 Satisfied good
 Staff was very good, warm wellcome, staff try there best to solve my problem . Hope my problem will be solved in next 2 days .
 everything was good . Vodafone store executive Ms. Cheshta help me and solve my query . But store executive Ms. Prerna is not supportive . She desguide customer .
 The reason is that I was satisfied
 No executive is ready to respond or attend the customers . Executives are very slow at their work . Executives are not properly trained to attend customers
 Good and very supportive service
 CHETHAN is so good guy he explain very nicely and he was evaluate the issue easily and he explained customer needs
 I had to wait for an hour for my turn . There were only 6 ppl before me . So I would recommend you to increase the number of counter .
 mes . No satisfactory reply . Kindly look into the matter & send your reply
 paid 1780/-
 The service z very slow . . Altough nice recepients. .
 thanks
 sk them to come again next day after 10:30am chahe khud 8:00pm tak ladkiyon ke saath time pass kartey rehteyn hain .
 Super suport in shop
 Every customer was important for your representatives . They were attending every one equally .
 My work completed ontime i am very proud for vodafone customer and very good employee's in this store
 I was very well satisfied wth the service .
 Good
 I am happy with vodafone prepaid
 While getting the number transferred to my wife's account they ignored my already having internet facility and assigned it afresh . This resulted in my bill increasing four fold . When contacted store associate changed settings of my phone and told me that l have changed settings on my own . I will never doit .
 AAPKE VODAFONE CUSTUMER CARE NE BOLA K DONGLE KI 1 1/2 YEAR KI WARRANTY HOTI H JABKI APKE VODAFONE STORE WALO NE MANA KAR DIYA AUR USE REPAIR KARNE K LIYE B NAHI BATAYA
 Vodafone service is very fantastic Sukhjinder mam is helpful I'm satisfied wid vodafone
 standing position . Kindy improve seating arrangement or no of associate .
 Great service support
 I am fully enjoying vodafone connection... . The performance of kapil kocher is superb
 Good
 All over good service .
 THe reason was the activaton of intErnet did not take place within four hours . Hiowever, I want to say sorry for that .
 Good and clear process details . Accurate timeline shared .
 Vodafone service is pathetic . Though the store associate was helpful . None of the problem solved by Vodafone which was escalated by store associate .
 e counter . At the counter the entire process was done in a very professional manner . Overall I am very satisfied with my visit to this store and the professionalism of this executive . Thanks !
 I m having good experience but ur vodafone executive should be more attentive becos of whom we have to visit twice 2 the store .
 H.mmm
 Helping nature . Store manger is very nice person
 Your all executives are very cooprative . The best part is, u go at any time, they greet u with a smiling face and help u to solve ur problem . Even ur security guard is also very active . All the best .
 Experience ok with outlet guys n not ok for network
 Things would better if u don't need to wait long & the store shld be smelling fresh
 shanks"!
 Looks very professional, but felt the counters there operate very slowly . Keep customers wait for long even though many contest were free with staff sitting idle
 Gr8 service frm ur staff....try keep product brochers away frm service desks . Thank you .
 My commants :- if we not pay our bill as par u r time then you will put a penalty, same thing if our complaint will not resolve then what i do...? ?
 Good .but not bettwt
 Professional, courteous, patient client facing reps . Keep it up !
 Good
 I wanted my plan to be changed from blackberry internet service to 3G unlimited plan for 3GB plan . It was supposed to be done in 4 hours, but it more than 16 hours now . It still not done . I had called helpline they said that plan is active but 3G is not activated for my number . This is really stupid . If Iam taking a plan for 3G than why is not activated on my number?????? ?
 Good service
 Good customer service
 Excellent service
 Nobody was bothered that customers were standing in a queue . I asked 2 executives if somebody will attend to us (empty desk) and they did not say anything . I witnessed the lowest levels of cutomer service there . I will be porting 5 voda numbers to competitors after this experience .
 Vodafone has taken one week for sending setting for IOS 2G previously and now for my outgoing call in 3G Complaint taken time upto 24-12-2014.your efforts are good follow up good . For IOS phones you are not sending settings for 3G
 Good service . Good staff explain the details . Neat place
 Its good actually very good but not the best as you should make your services faster and reliable . :-)
 Got clarified within 10min . Very quick response
 Waiting time was very long . Otherwise I'll say service was excellent .
 always see some errors on my post paid bills and go to store to get it corrected
 Your service is good and helpful forme .
 Very Nice & Quick Response .
 Give training to your associates about your policies, tell them customers time is precious do not waste their time as well as their own time .
 The customer service executive was not at all pleasing, no detailed explanation which was asked for...service mentality is very poor but hostile approachis very high . I was not happy as a very old customer .
 Services r gud, associate yatika iz xtrimly superb ,nice to talk wid her n nice behaviour. . Nice experience. .
 In all aspects, my purpose of the visit was fully attended to . Thanks nd keep it up .
 Service is excilent
 Ease of service . Like the token system concept .
 stupendous Gesture . Happy to be a Vodafone customer since last 10 years. . Thanks Nitin Grover
 Phatic services and no customer satisfaction . From your end I can't found any customer retention .
 orced to go a 3rd time today :(
 Porting to airtel
 Good
 The executives had smile on their faces and were not irritated by the questions I asked
 It took a very long time to get to customer service .. I had to wait for around 30 mins. . only one cashier to handle payments . .. people were barging inbetween ignoring the line
 Quick and easy solving of issue . New Sim card
 Things got done fast . Thanks
 becoz i loveeee voda
 Sooooper
 Vondafone has a good network but the tariffs are way too high . Also the waiting time at a Vodafone store is long . People have to wait for hours to get the queries resolved . I had to visit the store twice to get my query resolved cos of the waiting time . Lot of people face the same issue .
 I was very quickly and efficiently assisted by your personel . Thank you .
 Your staff is helpful,soft spoken, and well behaved . I think, in this very building u must increase ur area and staff . Keep smiling
 Person was misguiding me . He said only postpaid had micro chip so i must revert to post paid
 Very helpfull .
 Good service
 I hv to pay bill now
 All is well,so
 Service is still incomplete,my net connection is not working and not getting gprs settings even after sending repeated request .
 Very quick and courteous . Problem resolved in 5 mins
 Starting from my mail to customer care till getting the sim replaced I felt a sense of lack of ownership from your side . I seemed that it's only my problem and only I should be bothered about it .
 My actual problem didn't get resolved . There is lack of technical experts .
 the store within 10 mins
 Very good service by executive they solve my problem
 They do not reply calmly.their way of talking is rude . .
 OK
 Service was good, helpful staff .
 Your people are too much in to unnecessary paper work and ask one document at a time like government department . I understand you have to do this for security but you cannot treat new customer and many years old customer alike .
 Thanks
 I feel very nice
 STORE ASSOCIATES WERE VERY COOPERATIVE AND PATIENCE FULL. HELPFULL TO UNDERSTAND AND REPLY QUESTIONS.
 Store was very ***
 I Wanted a new plan. . But they were unable to tell. .
 I was not suggested correctly about the plan in my previous visit . This time I was told about a good plan . Past few months I had paid unnecessary bills .
 Good response from front liners
 Very nice
 Good service
 After starting my service wid vodafone, i had got 4 verification call by asking d same set of questions from executives . For 3rd nd 4th call im trying toconvey dat already done wid questionary but cse force to answer mi d question for continuing d vodafone service . This is d start im geting frm vodafone .
 The only thing to give the 9 marks is the waiting time at the store which takes a little long . Otherwise the service , the behaviour, everything is Exellent .
 gud service given by Mr. santosh . he understand my query in second while and make the efforts to resolve as soon as possobile . keep the same with other customer
 FREE
 While taking the SIM will say one thing after that they will be saying something . The issue regarding the security deposit
 Good sarvice..... . .
 Plz stop sending me text
 Helped us even at the closing hours curtiousely .
 Looking out for some good reasonable plans for prepaid . As according to me billing is sometimes very expensive
 I was not given a nano sim since i was touring and out of my state from where the connection was . I had bought a new cell and needed a nano sim .
 Good joB
 Options (facilities ) providing by you is not good . Requirement of customers are different for each and every one . Try to assist them as like it .
 I hate how often I receive promotional calls and SMS texts from vodaphone . Its very annoying . I do not recommend the company to others for this reason .
 Horrible
 to a representative .. . Plzz let me know
 Good service I really satisfied. .
 Poor network connectivity & poor service mgmt in store
 simply to chanbe my address I was failed both at your store and call centre than contacted personally contacted to customer relation officer, he helpedme . Only one store in valsad which is over crowded every time . Executive pass on work . To change my normal SIM to micro SIM It takes 7 visit and 1 monthwith the help of customer Care executive . you can judge the quality of experience . Rest is very good (plan voice, data ,connectivity information services, apps) enjoying services offered to me .
 Good service
 Waiting time is too much. . people are too slow
 Good service
 Find out urgently : why no action on my requests on my 9703201313. Those reasons are my answers . Vodafone is a decietful, unfair , customer unfriendly operator . I am porting out all my vodafone numbers .
 Time is precious for anyone and u took good care of the same .
 Vodafone services for the customers are very good .
 Came home and found the envelop said dt of expiry 30/09/2014. Dont understand what that means
 Yes
 Good Experience, Solve My Problem,
 Every thing was fine
 Service is d best than orher mobile company
 i like ur staff very much i like vodaphone
 y without showing any concern about customer satisfaction .
 I went there to get a new SIM for my lost one . . . Its done quickly without any hassle . . And my friend got an apt plan to reduce his phone postpaid plan .
 inivas.G
 Very helpful and pleasant staff
 Your representative tried to resolve my issue with company by giving me
 V gud morning, I requested for duplicate sim on 14th after 5 days regular daily 2visits to your branch because of duplicate sim . your person gives one one time one one reason i fedup with your service . Your persons not educated nor not trained to manage the store .
 I don't get any positive result
 Yes
 Most of your staffs don't know about work, it causes wating of Customers time . They are not able to understand what the customer needs .
 Sim was not working changed in 10 minutes & started working immediately
 helpful to us a lot . Regards... .
 I get a good service from ur agent. . and get correct answer for my doubts.. . I feel better with vodafone. . my problem succesfully resolved.. .
 Finely satisfy with your experience
 For the warm n friendly approach by yr staff on every visit made me feel homely
 Staff was helpful
 SOLVE THE PROBLEM NOT EXPECTING MORE THAN ONE COMPLAINT
 I really had good experience .
 Very cooprative and well behaved staff
 According to my feelings .
 in another showroom i am not feel better conpared to u r showroom.......ots an better way... .
 very helpful staff and very co oprative
 The request was well attended and associate was good at explaining the details . It was a good experience .
 Good experience
 Agent did his work well
 I am satisfied with your service .
 Satisfied
 9 par . My expectations is very good .
 No solution for the problem
 I went for a sim replacement request . I got the new nano sim pretty quickly . I was told that the new sim will be activated in 2 hours . But I'm sending yo
 Don't appear to be doing me a favour . Thanks .
 Relevant information, ambience, response to customer queries is superb.. .
 Method for explation & convencing is really very nice & helpful custmor also .
 I have not visited to your outlet . How you have decided that - I have visited and asking for a feedback ? Thats all
 Very good
 Megha madam is so nice personality with soft spoken ,cheering face value and having good comand at her product and services
 I am fully satisfied
 Kindly do not deny the devices who r opportunist in the industry .
 Vodafone has the largest network but I find some time the connectivity becomes poor . I totally depend for mail access on this phone but finds difficultyin accessing mails as Internet connection not available is the message that appears particilarly when Wi-fi is not on . pl ensure that I get internet connection without a break . Now also 3 G is on but still it does not show the on sign.These problems be rectified . Regards
 Good
 Staff was cordial and helpful and cooperative and understanding . Nice people . Maj General Mohan Singh . Regards
 Pl call me .
 Excellent service .
 Good experience overall but can increase the speed of response
 Change of sim card immediately done on proper verification,
 Very happy from your services thank u so much
 Satisfactory
 Being a senior citizen, I was given preference and the staff were very courteous .
 Did not explain me tha plan very well when I switched from prepaid to post paid....n now charging me double bill amount than my usage
 iculous . Worst support hv ever seen
 I was misled by your telecaller into changing my plan was not informed that the plan I'm choosing will provide me with local rather than std talk time . Ierted or not
 in December .
 It was an good experience for me . The executive was smart in answering the queries . Please maintain this type of quality in future also .
 I have Vodafone mobile from hutch days . I have not had any hitch so far .
 Very quick response from the store personnel and no hassels
 Sofar my requests have been attended
 It was a good service experience during my recent visit at vodafone store . I had made an interaction with a store associate named Mr. Indrasish Chatterje
 behaviour lead me to search another service provider . I was using this no since last 8 years .
 Very good service
 I would like to get back my amount which was deducted by you without usage of net data please revive the same and credit in my main account . Small apprec
 Good
 They never wasted a minute . Immediately they request our need and did it without unnecessary talk.only job.good approach .
 Nothing
 Good service
 e very good and appreciateable . P.s . I love Vodafone network
 I had a problem with activating 3G for my new connection, The associates were not able to tell me why my 3G was not getting activated, I had visited thestore for more than 3 times to get it activated
 I got immediate & accurate solution of my quiries .
 , From 2years i faced problem to disconnect my another number connection till yesteday may be i paid mmore then 3000 for that . No proper guidence givenby any executive . I submitted req letter on augest 2014 eventhough i paid chares till the day . So i cmopletely vexed with vodafone services .
 Overall good experience .
 s chargeable but if I downloaded it should be somewhere on my phone but it is not . Then one was charged Rs.04 2-3 time even when I was not using my mobile data.. . And the recent one I told you about the scam about credit After this one should get their connection portable and I think Airtel it is.an the credit amount . There are several such thing . Like I went and asked about my deduction after my recharge they said you downloaded something that wa
 Good experience overall . Some delay could have been avoided .
 Prompt and empathetic service
 It was a great experience as they helped me out perfectly .
 My query has been handled fine .
 Try to co operate with customer . There are other competitors too . Don' keep negative attitude . I am sorry .
 Customer interaction is very good n I wish to be with Vodafone
 When i saw the spl data plan of 147 for 1gb 3g data I called the customer care for confirmation for the same thing and one of your executives confirmedback & asked samething your executive told me that I would get within 4hrs or end of the day but I didnt get .so called and asked about remaining datathat if I would recharge 147 I might get 1gb 3g data so I told them to activate the plan later It was actived and got 500 mb of 3g data only so I called
 Rating is simply on the basis of their willingness to help,n their way of interaction .
 Too much of beurocracy
 Service . Not.good . (very.bed )
 your services very bad nd your costumes care doesn't help poperly nd they do get around
 no manpower at store it takes 15 mins to handle cust out of 6 service desk 3 are operational
 o any other service reason been my nephew has bought a new postpaid connection where in he was offer the same deal . New cust hs more value than existingThe agent with i have spoken she was very good at her job but the i made to changed my plan from special VF 599 to E CONNECT 375 that was declined and st
 your SIM in june 2012 was incompatible to myMOTOROLA HS which went well with Airtel,Bsnl,Reliance...Recently Fb messages for monthly subscriptions was total waste of my good money in October,Nov . Apart some misc wastes due to tempting messages . Now I got this TouchScreenHS,WHICH DID WELL WITH AIRTEL INTERNET,FB,TWITTER ON OPERA MINI.UR INTERNET,FB,TWITTER SITES DO NOT OPEN SINCE A DAY+ . I AM CARRYING MENTAL AGONY.THIS IS REACH BRND BlissUltra RT15i .Model . Ur happy but I am quite unhappy with Vodafone . I had lost some job scopes in 2012 now Contact with Frnds,Clients .
 I have b_e`en using vodafone connection for many years and its become a part of my life. . Thanks to all. . MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A BLESSED NEW YEAR.. . :-)
 Associate is good and he serves is also super :-...10
 All issues were solved
 Mr. Manoj have a very nice person . He have good product Knowledge and very helpful person .
 Relationship manager called me once and told that to store 333 in my phone and contact them at any point of time to clear my doubts related to my number.but,when I put up my question,unfortunately she(RM) blocked my call to contact them further and after keep on trying 333 for over 2 days finally I went tso long who does not mean to reply or in other words answer my question or doubt in my billing .
 The Rep helped me and I appreciate that but Vodafone is most horrible now .
 The concerned madam responded to my requests immediately and kindly .
 I had bill dispute and Store Associate confirmed me on 3rd Dec that my bill has been generated incorrectly for last 4 months . Advised me that it will getresolved by 3 working days . But it did not get resolved till 17th Dec and I visited the store 5 times .Finally I called 111 and they said there is no bi
 Not satisfied with the knowledge of the executive and were not able to help . Even the relationship manager associated to my vodafone red plan is not helpful and as a customer I have to keep on call him for a same complain logged one month back which is still to be resolved . Not happy with the over all service provided
 he best to vodafone..and a big hug to tat vodafone doggy . $$
 Ambience is good,staff is good,my work was done easily .
 The best vodafone mini store ever i would say.... . always very helpfull.... . ths is hw it shud be... . thank you guys.. .
 Since there was internet failure from your head office and your staff was not in a position to solve it
 clever guy.he was wearing a tie with spectacles.sitting with some sardarji who was his colleague only .
 Plz understand the customer important call for future .
 Lack of staff and knowledge to current staff
 r service providers .
 mpesa Very good plan vodafone good servic
 Awsm experience in vodafone store .i appriciatiote every one plr ad th vodafone service .
 Got a gud welcom,attended my issue,introduced a new product m paisa,very customer friendly
 Ad per my personal observation n customer service I have rate
 how should i go about it . He just kept saying i m not eligible for that plan .
 As soon i reached the procedings were fast it was not delayed at al the representive was very helpful and all my doubts were clear so i m very satisfied
 Guy, who solved my problem handled me very sincearaly, solved my problem very easly .
 It was good but there are areas improvement
 0:- very very Very pathetic services providing to customers.. . More then a 1 hour is taking to assist a one customer after dat your executive expect fromcustomer to be polite.. . Please value & give importance to your customers 'time'. If the same service is provided to customer then you will loose your customer very soon.. .
 Satisfied
 Such a great experience deliver to her
 It was really nice to deal with Vodafone today . Your service was very good . Thanks
 Don't irritate us with your feedback which you take 4 times
 In vodafone vashi store, they give me confusing information, also their attitude is not good . When they seen to me in dirty and old clothes, then they also don't talk to me in better way . From last 1 month, they give me ambiguous information on corporate plan and then activate another corporate plan on mynumber . They also don't give the detail to me about the plan, which they activated and told to me for sending mail on corporate.assist@vodafone.com. . Now, only the portability is the only option available for me . In last, MTNLs employees behaviour is much better in comparision of vodafone store vashi staff .
 I m not satisfied with ur 1 fb plan
 Satisfactory
 Problem was not understood instead giving strange solution
 working and the staff was bad
 Everything is better.but something missing .
 Store needs to be up lifted in terms of training imparted to executiver (customer relationship management),if the company is comfortable ,i can impart one of the best views to generate revenues worth corores in one store .my qualification - Bsc,mcm,mca,mba(hr),diploma in rly engg,diploma in radiological eaphone,and want to see it on top of the world,where in present scenario is different,i have puh
 Upto this my problem does not resolved . Do it . .. .
 ut today it's shocking.. . And even this attempt to make me feel involved and important is sad.. . You will not do anything about this and the status willYour staff is undertrained and poorly motivated.. . They care much much more about keeping their jobs than helping customers.. . 15 years ago this was ok b
 Appreciate
 i really fed up for vodaphone network to my connection . one of the bad service i never seen in any others companies like this . if u can solve my problems then is good otherswise u will lose ur coustomers .
 I wanted new microsim but signatures didn't match and vodafone failed to serve 8 yr old customer .
 Good person
 I am average satisfied .
 Very good experience
 At question 1 only 8 is given because i would recommend that there should be separate desks for different queries or helps
 The people are just not willing to help, the person who attended me made me send a sms because which charged me 60 bucks in my bill, and where's the fourth question ?
 My problem is not solved and more that ur associates are not clear what they saying. . I'm planning to port my number to airtel
 ?
 I wanted to get a micro sim changed for my phone and the associate was very unhelpful
 Mne voda ka recg coupen liya tha wo mere se damag ** gya me use lekar niram vihar gya unhone kha apka rechg 4 hours ke andar ** jayega lekin abhi tak nhi hua
 I approached ur store recently for given a request on address change, with a written request and address proof, ie my e_ aadhaar letter.but after 1 monthsill it's not rectified .
 It was good at store. . N the interaction with the associate was nice. .
 Very good service
 Very helpful descriptive informative and good service
 The token system avoids queues . The store associates are of real help .quick response to the queries make it even better .
 Have to wait long without any entertainment like tv . Or some advertisements or music .
 I visited 6 times to the store still my work is not done .they give half information .
 Very cordial, listened patiently told what is possible and what is not and processed my request
 A mnp request at Vodafone store takes two months to initiate
 Your phone associate asked me to visit the store . The guy at the store was not interested to know my problem and chased me out saying he cannot help . Atleast have the courtesy to hear your customer . Felt like a ***** in the store . Your service *****
 rther at the highest possible level . Just to add that guy was a team leader .
 Too much costly for 3g service & bad network
 My issue is sorted
 Good, but my home place only 2g connection
 It was a pleasent experience , friendly behaviour of executive & satisfactory answers made me feel happy .
 I was in a big trouble with a new sim card given to me by a Vodafone agent . It was not activated even after 10days.Mr. Ansar helped me out with the old s
 The person was so helpful .
 Got good information & I satisfied of that
 When I am visit to store t & tell my problem they are Co operate very much . .. . I feel they are just understand my problem, they are listen my problem &also tell how to solve it..... . Really happy to help....... .
 Your postpaids bill rates are too high
 quick service ,ready to help aproach
 e as KajalNarayan whereas, my name is Kajalnayana . Pl rectify the error . Thank you
 Score 9
 Being in the Vodafone store, its being a totally awesome experience . Right from physical evidence to service experience to 5th P of marketing i.e Peopleall were being very good . Iam obliged with its services .
 00480065006C00700069006E00670020006E00610074007500720065002000690073002000740068006500200073006F006C006500200072006500610073006F006E
 Good
 I like the way of welcoming a customer and the representation of the answer to my queries . Therefore I have got the complete step by step solution by the
 Commitments should b timely followed up
 Your vodafone service is awesome
 Pleased and satisfied of ur service
 Thank you . Q2 of 4: How satisfied were you overall with the SERVICE EXPERIENCE in our store, from 10 (very satisfied) to 0 (very dissatisfied) ? Very exce
 Clarity on persons monthly plan & bill needs to be explained well .
 Q1
 Ok 0
 No comments
 I very much satisfied during interaction with your store associates but one thing I dislike with your service that if i do not msg to anybody since onemonth , then how you disconnect my msg service... . But overall your network service is good...:)
 without wasting my time the problem is solved and the way of communication was excellent
 Hi. . :) gave 9 for Q2 because 1nce i got attended i ws helped very nicely . Gve 7 for Q1. Bcoz i got attended late . Gve 8 for Q3 bcoz my interaction was good wid d guy who helped me out..(d following thought jst clickd me)oops ! I think i didn't get the required attention becoz i ws in a hurry and didn't wait 4 my token number 2 cme nd directly rushed into one of the guys . Sorry for that . I will surely recommend it to every1 . By the way your internet speedis awesome nd mobile network strength nd coverage too. . :) thanks a ton !
 Need to be Customer more friendly . Could be the rush .
 Very casual approach from ur staff Mr Sabir Khan of Lenin Sarani branch Kolkata and instead of apolozising for giving the wrong information argued and al
 Good network coverage
 Great service
 Free
 Interaction was very good indeed!!! ! I liked d politeness therefore 10 ;-)
 Your store lady has nice smile keep her smiling always
 Good
 I received this message when I had not subscribed for it . Your rep refused to evev accept my querries nor did advice me how to get my Rs 15 back . " Yoursubscription for txtWeb service pack has been renewed and Rs 15 has been deducted.The service will get renewed on 16-01-2015.To deactivate SMS STOP to or call 155223(toll free)." Your company is exploiting loopholes in TRAI rules .
 Vodafone is best for me .
 The store atmosphere was friendly and the service was fast .
 10 satisfied
 It was great experience to have services like vodafone
 Objective assessment
 Everything is fine expect the bill what i received, your customer care executive said am in 899 plan so i reconfirmed with him that for 899 plan the 3G data would be 2GB he said yes but later when i received the bill, its been charged for net usage.. . Kindly verify on the same . Thankyou
 My final decision about vodafone service is third class service .
 I am facing network problems frequently
 In my point of view vodafone executive is very frndly & provide me instant solution which cutomers expected frm vodafone .
 Nice job
 It was nice talking to your employee & listening my issue carefully & provide right solution & also speak very politely thatswhy I'm giving 10 rating .
 Its a good service.. .
 Personal efforts taken by Mr Vishal to solve my issues. .
 Its very good
 Pardi 2nd bridge right site
 Too crowded store, long waiting que . Thinking of changing subscriber .
 I'm vry satisfd for vodafone service & your dibrugarh vodafone mini store.Thank you
 My problem can't solve that why i ma not happy .
 Good service Nitin
 Everything is ok and I love the experience of your company.But one thing that makes me some point ,I.e we cant have a sufficient internet packs for validity of 28 days with or within Rs.100/- and other thing is about the message packs.except these two in prepaid and there are no complaints not even any remarks about postpaid.i love your company.thats why in our only family we have 9 vodaphone connections .
 This is the second time you have changed my talk plan without my consent . This time you have sent a message stating that it has been done at my request
 **** you
 Vodafone is providing very good services with requisite infrastructure and setups . So you deserved the ratings given .
 Not giving attention to customer trying to find excuse
 Awesome experience with the store associate
 The customer service provided was very good
 All executives are Committed . Good responsibility . No noise . Sincerely waiting to solve customers queries . Good attitudes Overall I like your service Regards Chamu
 Your employees are not talk and behaves properly . the feedback is so poor . They are unable to under the customer's problem from her point of view .
 Thur could not process my simple request and asked me to go to a diff store or come another day, pathetic service
 My query was not solved and I was asked to send an email to get a solution to my problem...also I got a replacement sim for my alternate number and as informed by the store associate my valid bbm scheme is still not transferred to the new sim. .
 VERY VERY POOR SERVICE AT STORE.BOTH VODAFONE STORE PEOPLES AND CUSTOMER CARE PEOPLES BLAME EACH OTHER FOR WRONG COMMITMENT AND MISGUIDANCE.
 Very nice
 Q3of4 very satisfied 8
 Overall vodafone is a nice choice.. . but still not best in each aspect.. . Ty .
 Too crowded
 Exillent service
 Need more clarity and your staff is overworked at your store which is understaffed
 Bad response from the executives and I have given a complaint against my recharge on 16th December,2014 and till now I didn't get any response from theexecutives and its been 48 hours.. . So please respond for my complaint
 Comments
 Pls call at 5.30pm, difficult to put in sms . Regards, Sujit
 Good interaction by your employee
 This is the worest servicing what i am facing ever
 Worst
 10/10
 nic to visit
 Y
 No further experience do i want
 very satisfied
 Your executive sitting over there trying to pospond the things rather than resolving the same
 Unprofessional, unethical, poor service and support
 Your store Manager is really knowledgeable and attends the senior citizens personally . I rate him at 10 .
 Well . Very good
 No comments
 Vodaphone kankurgachi outlet took atleast 1 and half hour to attend me a heavy waighted lady service officer was very rude and frustrated when i asked something.. .
 Nobody was cooperate me and nobody has attend me for 15 to 20 minutes
 Ask your floor manager ( Ms reena, Mr dushyant) and your priority desk (Mr adil, Mr vinod) shivranjani cross road, ahmadabad about the matter . They answering me we don't know when my phone replace sim is start for working . I ask him after 72 hours about it . Is this service of vodafone .
 I was a Loop customer . So I compare ur services with Loop . There was too much waiting even in afternoon . Last time I had to go because of too long que . No enough sitting arrangement . No drinking water . The man who attended me never paid full attention to me . He was constantly looking around, passing papers and talking to other attendents . He was very brief in replying my querries . I told him about the plan I had with Loop and asked for similar plan . He only said Vodafone does not have such plan but he did not explain any plan which suits my requirements . On the whole I was not satisfied .
 Satisfied
 They are friendly in approach
 U r superb when u giving information .
 Nice service provide by mr kanik quick prblm solved
 Affable and knowledgeable staff
 I had applied for conversion of 4 numbers from prepaid to.postpaid under the capgemini corporate plan which can be availed by my brother as he works forcapgemini . 3 numbers are activated and now noone is answering why did the 4th number did not start . Everyone is pointing at others . Disgusting experience.. .
 Raipur pandri wala koi kaam ka nahi
 I needed a new sim as i have lost my sim...the new sim got activated in mere 20 mins...much appreciated
 gud behaivior helpful and understanding. .
 Waiting time was too much . It took me almost 75 minutes to talk to the person who finally resolved the problem .
 It's nice and good with your customer care
 It was very gd experience and better service to all customers - Thanks
 Gurpreet attend me very well and my all problems resolved instantly
 2 times visit 4 d same reason but issue unsolved by giving false commitment .
 Ok
 good
 Very good services
 Your staff at store are good no doubt.its very time consuming at store leaving all off work n time.rest about my complain which is was given on 1st dec about NETWORK is still not resolved ,which please look into the matter
 Vodafone custcare service very good service they solve my mess problem only two hours .im complitly satisfied thank u vodafone
 Wow experience
 10 VERY LICKLY
 done with a smile .
 I went to Voda phone store to know about the new plans I was explained new plans thoroughly and helped me in selecting the appropriate plan
 Spontaneous Response by the Manager & Staff !
 Bcoz of very interactive,friendly,and respective behaviour by Mr.Brij Bhushan..he listen and sloved ma technical problems of vodafone connection .
 I asked Vodafone representative at counter F to convert my post paid no . To prepaid one.but she convinced me that she ll give another plan with rental 99lan is active .so I visited store again and tgey said it will take 20 days to get tge plan activated.so I was misled by vodafone team .
 Response is poor with regard to 3G service
 r is very nice
 Quick response n imdt action ...thanks
 Please don't bother
 lem but nobody call me .
 Yours service s is good for face to face but plz solved network problems
 1- It's good actually. . I would actually recommend 7.5
 He was good and efficient .Around 8 or 9.
 I am not satisfied
 Good
 Sure, I would like to mention tht,if d customer wants to changr his plan of billing into prepaid, Wht was d hitch to d sevice provider to do d same.why 2
 rs but DO NOT really help with best options dependant on client usage . They just push for highest loop hole .
 It was lunch time and most of your executive's were having lunch . People were waiting to solve their problem . Also I was informed that my data plan willbe changed with immediate effect & the speed will be faster . Which has not happened .
 Executives attending d customers where free, but still I was made to wait for more than 15 minutes, casual approach .
 Ne need any comments . . I am going to transfer other network . .
 Very very good
 N
 Superb service . .
 Nice service... .
 They have no time for coustmer
 When i am entered in vodafone outlet,they are truly helping me and promised they solved my problem....one thing is problem that guys dont know hindi eaitherwaise is all gd .
 I want to know about mpesa
 Due to inefficiency in updating my new plan from 29 march till October lost rs 5,500 . People responsible are Ms Nasreen Shaikh and Ms Shanaz the storehead . According to me your prabhadevi is the worst inefficient store .
 No comments
 Not satisfied with the service n poor interaction. . Information is not clearly provided at mini store and main store about the re fund amount
 Good
 Better service
 I'm new customer for Vodafone as I have ported my 6 loop numbers to Vodafone . While porting I have been told that they will give me 299 plan with 100 rupees discount but activated some other plan on my this number .
 Dt.13.12.14,ko billng mana kiye hai.abhi tak massage kyo nahi bheje .
 It's very good
 Courteous and targeted care with customer satisfaction was seen by me at your device point . Well done .
 ithout informing me .
 Earlier there was network problem, I too v complain earlier , now it is improved a lot . The office ambience is good, staff including security have goodmanners . The associate v explained the required Information . That's why d grade .
 Improve complaint response
 Extremely geat support and phase at which the enquiry was solved is to be appreciated . Please personality and no words to express thanks
 I am not happy with this exciting plan hence I am changing the port
 ABHISHEK in cp vodafafone customer care office gel
 Please provide a proper address for Vodafone store in Electronic City bangalore . I went searching for plot no40 and returned empty handed as per the address .
 Over all a great service .
 Made customer wait
 Its amazing experience for me.every staff is well groomed and have manner . Felling good
 Everything was fine . Nothing negative . So those obvious ratings . Thanks
 Quick action by the concerned lady attended my request obediently . Hence this response . Regards lbraju
 Gud
 00200915094D092F094B0915093F00200020092E0941091D0947002000200924094009280020092C093E093000200938094D091F094B0930000A091C093E0928093E0020092A0921093E00200925093E0020096500200924092C0020092E0941091D094700200909093809400020092A09410930093E09280947002009280902092C093000200915093E00200915093E092109450020092E093F0932093E002009650020
 Worst service..and I heard two different versions from vodafone customer care and vodafone store...they are wasting customers time..this is useless and hope less service
 After my last visit I have seen the development which I had already mentioned in my first visit.That's why I have given the number .
 It's gud
 Satisfied with overall service
 Manager is mad
 Cust care well behave & polite with proper resolution. .
 Your person guided me to a good monthly plan .
 They don't even look at you . They just reply casually to your questions and are least bothered if the customer is satisfied or not .
 I rated 0 because when I complained about your executive in vodaphone office.they are not taking the complainagainst the person . They are not trusting the customer with the proof and trying to protect supriyo modi.soon I will lodge a complain in the police station on this.I dnt care about Vodafone or ur e
 There is Aprox 8 counter but only 1or 2was working . There is no waiting area for sitting . Only for 2 person seats are there . I was feeling like a bager . ... .
 WAITING LONG NO SUFFICIENT PLACE TO SIT SR CTZN TO HAVE PRIORITY
 Patience hearing from your officer Mr.ajay and understood my internet & voice call usage and advised the right plan, HONESTLY SPEAKING, I WENT TO VODOFONE STORE TO ASK FOR DISCONNECTION OF INTERNET TO THIS NUMBER, & CONVERT TO PREPAID AND I WILL BUY DOCOMO SIM FOR MY INTERNET USAGE, IF NOT FOR PATIENCE HEARING OF MR.AJAY, I WOULD NOT BE CONTINUING WITH VODOFONE POSTPAID CONNECTION. with regards, R. Revanna Aradhya
 Pl call me on my cell so I can tell you that you will understand, If you diser ?
 The problem remain unchanged . The store executive should know more about the data plans .
 I came up to Vodafone store to get my sim replaced with nano sim to suit my new mobile. . And I'm using this sim for past seven years. . At the time of purchase the Vendor has wrongly tagged my sim to a different customer and those days proof were collected for name sake. . Only these days it's been mandatory. . Also for verification I mentioned my last three recharges with the store personnel to confirm that I'm using this sim. . Even after that, it was saidthat I need to wait for 48 hours to get my new sim activated. . And I won't get my balance or the data package or the active bonus packs, I don't understn for that I was given lame reasons and I was asked to get it done outside. . I'm not at all satisfied with my last visit to the Vodafone store on last Tuesday
 Very good
 Don't you feel a shamed... .
 I am very unsatisfied as I am facing many problems in this network.vodafone is waste of time. .
 Very helpful and considerate and cooperativ .
 My issue was addressed satisfactorily
 In a store there was a mismanagement . And when I raised a question about my turn one associate behaved very unsofesticated . Then other associate,Dhara, gave me proper answer .
 Good service
 I am satisfied with the service and support i got .
 Excelent service by the cre
 Very satisfied your network
 Service is good
 I am very satisfied for your good behabher.spacalli your staff Mr Samppad .
 Good
 Your store associate is very good person to helping me and sowling my questiins . So she help me to all ny probkems for my problens . I am thanking to binta & vodafone .
 Calls coming from blocked nos .(int .) is being charged-no resolution was provided by your store . Please do not bill me for such hoax calls .
 Wow experiance .
 He is very knowledgeble person and my problem very quikly resolve .
 HAPPEY TO HELP YOU IS CORRECT SLOGAN I SATISFIED THANKS A LOT MAYUR
 No reply
 Good
 Disorganised gallery, staffing is short and token number are never on series
 Very co_operative .
 There's some problems in network in my iPhone. . Plz solve it as soon as possible .
 Its been 3days of my request for my plan change , my net is not working and i was missold last time when my plan got changed . I was told that unlimited net access and it was upto 1gb, this time i personally went to vodafone store to get my plan changed but till date net not working . My last bill came 2000roughly because of misselling by vidafone .
 nd no proper rply and efforts hs been done in matter .
 I m faced a good experience and a good facility with your excecutive and i didnt have complaint about your store or for your excecutive
 The agent I spoke to promised that my isd services will be re-activated as he has forwarded the request for the same . I understand my bill is due n I told him that I will repay it on 24th of this month .
 Disorganized lack of at inter
 I m trying to get my query solved about my internet problem...ive called customer care for 3 times..visited mini store and also main store bt still m facing the same problem. . I would say Vodafone network in not worthy
 Long delays and waiting time at service centers only adds to frustration of customers . There is every need to ser up desperate counters to attend to seniors and physically challenged citizens .
 m has not been solved... . I am still having only 2G connection. .
 Sometimes store associate is busy . So the work done is late .
 The line must be followed diligently
 For Q 3 Ya was satisfied
 gud
 Your Vodafone store best service by Saurabh upadhya
 Problm not solved...unreasonable excuse given
 At Vodafone store customer executive were not able to understand our problems . Explanation & reasons given by them are totally illogical . Most of the time executives are not at their places .
 Absolute disregard for customer convenience, do not speak over phone when I have sent my representative, arrogant behaviour.. .
 I loved the willingness they showed to help as if they knew me somehow from past . Very friendly
 I am getting wrong bill charging for International SMS which I never do . It happen last 4, 5month every month I complain and get reversal you may find in your record Pl . Do business with honesty not by cheating
 Mr.sasi kumar very helpful and resolve the problem that person I give you 10 points
 They should resolve our query in only one attempt .
 I
 Super
 Good Service... .
 owever once requirement was told it was attended quickly up to satisfaction .
 Bill is pretty high beside my use , you should waver it .
 gud service n nice dealing :)
 All u staff giving good assit
 Thanks . To Vodafone
 Long wait for my turn . Waiting space limited . Person _a`t counter could not complete my request due to Vodafone rules for corporate customers .
 Good
 Waiting time was too long
 hould I do .
 Without any call or sms repeatedly rs 99 is being deducted . ..it is presumed that the ph no has been hacked to cut the balance . Your Vodafone store or call center is unable to stop the repeated balance deductions . If it cannot be stopped from your end I have to switch over to other service provider . Thanks
 When he found that the solution is not in his hands. . he is not having the power to help, he turned out rude. . And my problem is still not solved and Ihad to wait for my turn .
 Vodafon is always happy to help
 1st questions ma te store mane gamyo and 2nd questions ma teni service best che and ans baraber ape che and 3rd questions ma adajan store ma customers sathe vay karvani avdat nathi ane services pan nathi apta sari atle me aa point apya
 A short and simple reason is a good service and emloyes too .
 00500072006F0062006C0065006D007300200068006100640020006E006F00740020006200650065006E00200073006F006C0076006500640020006100660074006500720020007600690073006900740069006E006700200034002000740069006D00650073002000610074002000740068006500200076006F006400610066006F006E0065002000730074006F00720065D83DDE12
 I've been receiving Blank Bills for 2 months . It's been sorted out . Finally, they've managed to get my bill down .
 t taking the exact complaint
 I m nt able to communicte with Customer care,there is deduction of 49 rue witout any o/p
 It was a good experience hence the ratings . There is usually no story when things are fine
 The entire atmosphere was if i ve entered a Government office . 3 guys were sitting idle but i still had to wait for 10 minutes before anyone attended me.The person who attended me was not supporting. . I had to find a solution myself . Overall experience was bad . Sorry
 Lot of time is wasted in Q staff is not concerned about Vodafone store they r concerned about mini store they made me travel to k k marg mini store unnecessary & back to Vod . Store & the work is done in Vod store only .
 e Vodafone store executive supported to their extreme but failed because of the false information provided by your verification agents .
 Nice
 Good customer service
 Ur tocken system and personal care is really good
 I was pleasantly surprised to note the efficiency with which my request was attended to.The store associate who processed my application was very promptand helpful.Very satisfied with my experience yesterday at Vodafone store.Regards
 I'm really satisfied
 Good service and help full staff
 Very Satisfied
 Your tag line is jst not a tag line my whole experience says tht u r hppy to hlp us
 Overall customer service was a great experience with vodafone store maninagar
 GOOD
 Waiting time maybe reduced & further are appreciated .
 I am not satisfied with your network . I face major problem with your network . There is no network available in my room . Not able to recv call and not even call to anyone . Please shortout this prblm as soon as possible
 I hd been to vodafone store for a new sim and i got dat within 10 mins without any hassels.. . Very efficient staff.. . Must say.. . Happy enuf to reply back and just wanna say KEEP IT UP..
 Less wait time for service, knowledgeable agents in the store
 The assO
 Very cooperative and professional
 Good service....shubham solved my problem very easily...he was very polite and supportive too...would request to promote further.....feeling happy to behelped! !
 Plan conversion was done promptly without solving problem . I had to take an IDEA Sim .
 FROM STARTING SECURITY OVERALL SERVICE IS BEST BEST 10_XX/10
 I have visited many times to your store but every time they say within week your prob lem will be solved but situation remain as it is
 Would like to bring to your notice that being an Vodafone user from past 4 years facing net work issues and not been able to get the permanent solution from your entire team . Fail to understand that Vodafone team not been able to address the issues rightly .
 Ur store associate is very efficient he has given guidance to choose suitable plan and helped me a lot when i took ur connection aftr porting out 4m docomo my only dissatisfaction is i can not contact ur representative 4m ur helpline only get recorded messages
 Waiting time is too long.. .
 That who I met did good job for me that Mr.pratap
 Music system should be install n more friendly reaction
 As I had mentioned earlierI had been visiting ur store for more than 2 months but didn't get a solution . On 4 th & 5 th dec I had sent reply to ur quesher the whole problem . She said that she vl do the needful & help me . Very soon after that my problem was solved .
 Good
 Fast service . Q 1 also 10
 Azhar ws vry helpful
 Good service
 Waiting is too long , more than 60 min
 the service provided by stores and information is useful
 I went there to know about . BBM n Charges billing recd too much ,can save any other plan?but no satisfactory ans .
 ting & samefull for me that i am a loyal coustomer of vodafone . I will chang the company very soon .
 **** *
 The person at the counter is knowledgeable and helpful .
 Staff courtesy is a major opportunity, Train your people about the hospitality and how to interact with customers, Rude behaviour should not be tolerated ... .
 10 / 10
 The employees at your end Naeem shaikh and reena solanki were being rude with the customer and were not able to resolve the query as well
 gi
 Richa mam good
 Good experience
 Overall experience was good but there is scope for improvement
 They are answer my all questions and explain clearly.. . I like they respect and response..thanks for all
 Very big Que an about 4 quanter are empty an also took to verify my details on telephone very sorry to say ( Lack of supervision )
 The store associate was very courteous and helpful . He quickly resolved my problem .
 Whenever i met to mr manoj i got solution
 I had gone to the store long time back . This time concern is being resolved through email by Uma,I never expected that she would come out so well . She re
 Their is so mych communication gap nd delay process by the employee nd showing attittude
 Please respond to tha mails which you got from the customers . Recently i sent a mail regarding the billing, but i didn't get the response even after one
 It was very good!
 Overall good communication .
 Specific questions & querries were answered promptly . Pfoblems were solved instantly . Necessary explanations were given while answering . This is a good V
 The customer care rep understands my problem and fix it with proper explanation
 Good
 No saticfied
 Sent several e mail
 Worst ppl , worst service . I hv to move on to other service provider . Shame shame shame !
 You should increase staff as so much waiting was there .
 Superb solution and kind support
 Need to wait around 45 min to speak with store associate . Info provided is not helpful . Overall experience is average .
 Always recommend Vodafone :)
 Staaf knowledge and and talking style is very politly. .
 I am not satisfied your boiling amount Vida company sending extra net amount in every month biling
 very poor Vodafone
 The store rep told me to visit a diffnt vf store to avoid the hit.Many other reasons v v dissapointing
 Vodafone service is little bit unsatisfied, bt his employee especialy at stadium br, Ahd are well co-operative .
 Y
 Good service
 good experience from the store she done a good job she greetting me very vell and all my problems sloved . that was a real coustmer service iam happy and i belive vodafone exalente service good
 They are customer friendly, helpful and well versed in what they're at
 Excellent
 Very good performace
 Staff must be cooprative and good listener, and must not be rude and who cares mentality .
 To solve the problem of balance deduction .
 Everything else is good but please make proper seating arrangements .
 The issue for which I approached was resolved to my utmost satisfaction
 Good service
 As per my request regarding call rate reduction Mr Sanjay of Dum Dum road Vodafone store addressed my concern very well.Excellent service.Thanks .
 Nice experience :-)
 I went to the store, got the token fast, waited for 20 min(that was a little late) . My number came and a got my nano card fast .
 Your customer care exicutives are very rude they r like a dumb robots rest i will mail you
 She done a good job and communicatting with me very profational good
 Good experience
 I was treated very well by service executive .
 Worst services i ever had experience .
 Your store associates worked very slow . Next time expect that my experience will get faster .
 My reason is dat whenever a pack i.e msg pack or net pack is entirely used, u do not send a msg sayng "ur msg or net pack is used entirely"...so plz do dat
 No value for our wording n expalation simple said .
 Iam going to your Vodafone store.9952599859,9788147909 status of your staff.but you going to other Vodafone store your staffs talk answer. .
 I lv yr exicutive, the way she is solving my issues . . She is very impresive
 YOUR TEAM WAS POLITE OBEDIENT LEGAL INTELEGENT COURTEOUS AND EFFICIENT
 The sales person knew his job fully and was able to release us very very fast
 No one to help at the ticket kiosk many standing jusy clueless, no information on other store locations(address), suggested to call up toll free numberswhere the attendees dont even have the courtesy to listen to the querries and they flatly say .."we cannont help you" . Had to port 2 numbers now i am not going to
 I guess gallery should be bigger more fast thereby as small
 Good
 They're really very helpful .
 For the sim upgrade you have deducted 15Rs . from my account and then why I have to pay a another 50Rs . to your outlet ?
 Its vry nice... .
 10 Mark
 Pathetic service . Pathetic employees...and your pathetic system . Good for nothing...please shut your ****** operations .
 Very sad
 Good and wel experience .. Fully satisfied with store visit
 bcz i replace my normal sim to nano sim . the executive when fill online process their he write no procissing charge . and their after he gave my sim he charged me Rs . 100/- but i go to store 2-3 weeks ago, their another executive tell me for sim replace Rs . 25/- deduction from my vodafone balance . their are no extra cost . please check this matter . its really heart me to much . i wanna want to know what's actual price of replace sim card? ?
 Had a good experience as staff were good in providing the service
 It takes too much time at store . Pl increase the no of counters or train staff to be very fast
 Overall average experience
 Gud service
 Total non-cooperation and attitude is that I have told you, now do whatever you can
 First of all my number was disconnecred for non payment inspite if that i was treated well & my issue was sorted out very fast compared to airtel serviceas i had to run from one executive to another & again to a third one to sort out my issue . thanks for The quick service & as a business man planning toprovide the same king of service to my customers also thanks & regards....... . syed
 1) i waited for my que, and other people were just goin to the counter to get help and they were getting help . 2)rep was not aware of anything, she argumented when i said there r few changes made to my plan . she said "aisa kuch nahi hua hai" . and finally i dint get any resolution and in result i m portingout this number .
 All r thingsperfect
 With whom i was interected dont have enough knowledge about the queries,having so much attitude.with the customer politeness is must .
 we are getting our bill time to time and no any other probalm every thing is so good.... .
 IAM VERY HAPPY WITH YOUR SERVICE.
 Because the service executive was very cooperative and my overall experience with vodafone is great .
 Satisfied thanks
 Very good experience
 The associate has supported very nicely
 Very good service,keeping the word HAPPY TO HELP
 I am replying but it goes to mms
 Options for plans were given promptly and my problem was solved fairly quickly
 Very good helping mentality and solved each and every doubts,pleasing personality,kept smile on the face till last .
 Simple
 Whenever I go to ur kandivali - West store , ur customer care executive always give me proper response and guidance .
 Very poor service at ur stores
 I have lodge the complaint thrice regarding the inappropriate signal of 3G at my home but the problem is not yet solved .
 Your rating is high level
 For Corporate customers everything is so difficult and need always different methods than normal users to activate any services . Every time i have to visit store even to start any small VAS
 Good behaviour of agent
 I had very gud experience....lady was really helpfull
 Good
 I have an airtel connection too and i faced similar problems . While vodafone resolved it in a day,Airtel took 6 days to resolve the same problem .
 Satishfied thankyou.. .
 Everything Good only not appreciated is Q 2 getting at 1.30am as that disturbed the night sleep my age is 75. Any answer to this ?
 Because of the excellent service and the prompt action
 r offers and better plans from you thank you
 Everything was as expected .
 My rating for Q. - 2 is 7 and for Q. - 3 & 4 is also 7 .Hope for better service .
 Dear Vodafone, I've applied for plan change for the month of 11 November, the request was declined by nagpur office Vodafone by 19 Nov without my knowledge.Unnecessary charge for 2g usage was around 1511 and total tariff was 2515.how could this possible, w/o my permission you increase the credit limit,rigorous follow up for bill payment but not showing interest towards changing of plan, if I asked for why it has not got changed the customer care replies that your phone was out if reaches though I'm here in native place only...please improve service nor fake commitments...to avoid uninturption of further service w/o delay.. .
 No comment good service .
 I got a new nano sim quickly n was activated in stated time . The service was delivered in stated time . Experience was hence delightful
 Finally my problem was solved on time .
 Needs customer oriented services . Employees should not remain busy with their own laptop or mobile.misleading information to customers must be avoided .
 Exelent service providing and Dedicated employee. .
 The service is good but the plans .. .
 Service is very bad
 Overall i am satisfied apart from the fact that you vodafone store are very few in the city
 I am 100% satisfied with the interaction with your CRE.
 Overall service is good
 Token machine at the corner which should be in the front so that no need to ask anyone about it or the procedure . All executive are very helping and supportive but they should know their job fully and need not take assistance from other .
 Satisfied
 Welcoming the customers pleasingly and answering their questions easily
 Services of ur stores no appreciables . I visited ur Tirupati , Ongole stores for generate bill but they refused . I m not getting bill on my mail nor bypost . I m frequant traveller
 I am not satisfied with Vodafone offers
 Nothing exraordinary in receotion . Matter-of -fact dealing . Just ok . No complaints
 You are so beatiful and outstanding.I proud of yours behavior.Thank you and good morning
 Ty . It did not take much time for me to get my work done .
 Prompt response to queries
 Your associate handle me very well and clearify my all doubts
 No waste of time give response very good excellence Survis
 My query is resolved within time period . The associate is very deligate in understanding my query: she is keen to resolve my issue . And i happy by your services .
 I am very dissatisfied with your service . I wanted to change my calling plan to Red 499 ASAP but was not able to do so . I will now be porting my numberto another carrier .
 Staff is helpful
 I visted Vodafone store sec . 35 & I would like to all executive of Vodafone .. they gave the right resolution to me .. . good work Vodafone !
 Tele customer care is pathetic . Always provided wrong and irrevelant options . At store, manager is not available and other store staff don't know how totackle the issues . I raised a complaint and have been told that I would receive a call by the evening regarding update but no updates have been received .
 Your executive Sumit Choudhary was really helpful, understands customer problem very well and resolves it . All 10 ratings are becauae of him .
 You vodafone ************* have deducted 300rs from my balance for stuff I never downloaded **** you .
 payment they told me that for anything i need to take token which acctually waste my time alot
 Yr Store Associates are very friendly & given priority to customer's need . Well done keep it up !
 Had to wait over an hour when there was no people in the store
 Good
 Your representator polite welcome,sincerely convention,happily result make me a fully satisfaction remark
 Too much Waiting time Have to visit again and agin .
 Excellent
 Good
 I have been a vodafone corp customer since more than 5 yrs nw .kalyan stn vodafone store is the worst center i hv ever visited.thrs a long queue for everydamn thing.atleast 1 hr waiting time until reachg a desk fr service.ths is every time (day or night) . Extremely congested store wid crowd pushing u allover.no drinking water.no place to sit n wait.its amazing to see hw vodafone is trying to best by mis-managing the store whr customer care is secondary always.why cant u hv more staff n more space in an important store like kalyan stn whr hundreds of ppl turn up fr service n blling !!
 Superb service
 Good
 u asked my ratings on ur service.. .
 The internet speed is not up to mark is slow.Your network is charging for downloads that are not done & company is rejecting the legimate complaint lodged @ it .
 My problem was handled effectively
 Good
 Worst experience and night mare with Vodafone . I m going to port .
 Because, I m satisfied with services of Vodafone .
 All my i.nquiries answered promptly
 Your staff is very helpful and courteous . They give you the best advice and guidance . I am a senior citizen and was treated with great respect . Thanks for the caring service . Sheroo .
 Staff is indifferent and attitude and service is similar to staff at Muniipal corporation .
 Very good service.like yoar perfomense .
 Am unhappy with your service so thanks for supports am change my network thanks once again... .
 Very good
 Good
 You donot stop my caller tone
 Very tire interaction . There was no solution of my problem.Just listen and send back
 Friendly staff
 It was very good service in dharwad store interaction with coustomer is good
 Good service with smile Istant replacement my sim Activate my sim within ten minutes
 Average +
 A better than others, a rating of 95%
 Store associate behavior was very bad n unprofessional
 package for postpaid internet he keep insisting me to take coupon which push me to wait for minimum 30min
 I'm very happy with you
 Service experience is good .
 People are not supporting us last three day's I had visited that galary but still thay don't solve my problem totaly disappointing
 Very good response
 Complete good service.n good network
 Very good approach, kindness explanation, smart look, cen percent problem solved so totally extrodinary staff
 I got solution of my problem immediately .
 They were very Courteous & Understanding & O
 All my requirements were attended with promptly.i was highly impressed by the business like approach by the official.Thanks
 Totaly good
 My experience with your exucetiv is very much better than I expect
 Network is so good to compared to other sim card and I satisfied with call rating also
 Very good
 Good service
 I'm disappointed with exorbitant billing as I had requested for internet booster of rs250 whereas bill being charged of Rs450 and no one interested of taking responsibility thereof..very sad hence I have applied for conversion of my post paid no . into prepaid category.. .
 His service was very good ...m delighted !!! !
 The representatives are OK but the Vodafone working system is worst no work is done
 From security guard to counter guys ; everyone is efficient and cooperative .
 Its gr8 to visit there in you store
 Very good speaking and understanding .
 Prompt response, helpful attitude . Courteous .
 e service .  They are not able to explain the plans clearly .
 Try to solve the cliients issue immediately n see they will be loyal too n give more bussiness . Keep ur word its very important
 Long ques n no chairs
 Very good service from the Store Associate . Keep the same to all customers .
 Good all round customer service
 The associate whom i met helped to find the right plan for me.. .
 The poor rating is only because of the unprofessional behaviour of the customer care associate .
 Thewaiting time was reasonably less and the staff quickly acceded to the request and the remedy was satisfactory .
 The people in the store should be more customers friendly .
 Everything is good . But signals are very poor . Please increase the signal strenth .
 Very ppsitive approach &helping attitude
 Cheerful, positive and helpful nature
 The experience was good .
 Quick response, prompt reply, cordial staff. .
 Very satisfied
 Please keep this thing for future as well so that we Vodafone users can not be disappointed
 It was a good exp
 Thnk u
 GOOD
 In this month bill Vodafone have charged me Rs.50 extra because of last month remaining bill Rs.141 :) in next bill if it will not be deducted i will toPort next month :)
 Service is very good .
 half of the counters at the store dont work creating large waiting times.the service people never give a proper ansswer to the question raised and beyond
 Friendly staff . Explained plans in detail . Provided good suggestions .
 Quik and immediate service nice keep itup
 nly iam asked
 I needed a new SIM with roaming and Internet access . The staff at the store was very helpful in taking care of my needs .
 Thanks
 Staff was courtious, professional and helpful
 Very dissatisfied wjth the way you charged me for unwanted and unnecessary ads
 Fast service,well behaved associates
 I noticed that the Service standards are kept high . The executives try hard to solve the problems at the place for example I was not carrying a photoand there was a camera with them .
 The stores offiicer resolved my long pending issue in simplest manner
 Warm welcome makes u feel comfortable n all your Q r A
 Keep going
 Ratings were based on my what I experienced in your outlet . However, I' m disappointed about the timing of this msg . I received this msg at 1.15 am .
 People are responsive &ready to help smilingly
 Problem was solved
 Finally I thank you and your staff for having given good answer to my questions as well as for soft behaviornes
 Good
 Sir, They can send request but unable to take decision instant, as you know that withoutmobile a person can feel handicapped . Hence may be think on it but overall I would appreciated your services . Thanks . Rakesh Sharma
 Response from your person was excelent & procedure was simple & quick
 Nice customer service . M happy
 of the same in money is added to unbilled amount . But this is not expected from Vodafone . That I cannot check how much balance I have left/used .
 1. Two days back I was given manual token no . 2. Auto token showed 2 sets 3. Inquired & was given Sr Citizen Token 4. Few online entries& lo my job over . Tks
 Good service and thanks to started my most imported Number thanks lot
 Aftab at R. T nagar store wS amazing nd helped a lot, cheers to him .
 Very good service customer oriented but there was an absence of relationship manager
 Nice
 All my queries satisfactorily and clearly answered . Able assistance rendered . Markandeyan
 Y is my net not working ? In Mumbai it was working perfectly . But since I came to Surat yesterday it says no net connection . Please reply
 Overall chandan was pleasnt to work with . He was kind to give me the right plan considering that I'm moving away from bb to android . Good job . Don't lose
 Lovely
 Their is no helping nature is staff .
 Good
 Your staff is showing neglecnce about the customers
 Zero in every department expect a big showroom
 Prompt and as per requirement .
 I hope next time don't make this type of situations any to customer
 If we are having 8 customer service executives and seven customer but.still if u have to wait for 30 min in queis the reason .
 xt time .
 I am happy very helpful and advice me also
 I am not sure why I can not switch to RED plan if ant new number can
 Very good
 All over experience was wrost .
 Outgoing on my number is unnecessary got stopped . That's why I visited Vodafone store . And one of executive Mr. Chetan solved my problem . But it takes a
 I am not 100% satisfied with Vodafone because when tried to reach it I didn't get satifactory response . As per your suggestion, I tried to contact you toknow how I could save money in 3G data use I failed each time . But the service given by the store assistant was to the best of my sstisfaction .
 My new no didn't activate....which I lost......Today mol I came to your Voda phone store and block the old no....but still not blocked... .
 They clarify everything properly so that I could understand . And it did too
 No one in Vodafone is there to attend me . I am a valued customer I think as I pay 1500 per month . But still . No doubt, I am going to leave Vodafone .
 Frm last 2 mnths I m addressing my pblm but no one taken seriously so I planned to change my netwrk soon I m dissatisfied with Vodafone service
 Store Associate was awesome. . I think her name was sandhya. . She did her work precisely she satisfied my needs.. .
 Very helpful in resolving the problem .
 Hi , today I went to sarabha Nagar Vodafone store where Harpreet Kaur empathetically solved my concern and gave me a proper outcome politely .  I am a tra
 attended by mr . laxmikant on b-counter . he fully supported me.. .
 Refund my money .
 For a job of 10 minutes I have to wait for 1.5 hours . Disgusting and third class service . Nobody even bother who **** cares .
 Fast & courteous
 Call me
 It was quite simple & OK to have solved the problem which was a very common issue .
 The service was quick . and also the staff was pretty nice and co-operative to get the work done fast .
 I think ur associate dont really knw everything.because when I ask him abt caller tune he dint rplied me proper n I was in hurry so I left the store .
 You have all slow employees.......and train them to talk with customers respectfully because u r the service provider .
 Nice and fast service .
 ed from reputed Vodafone, now probably reputed for unfair trade practices . Will never recommend Vodafone to anyone .
 Very excellent service, am satisfied with ur store service.. . Good respect keep it up.. .
 Good services
 . Helping Netwoking Talking is V.good.So I like .
 No proper feedback just rules all around
 Was not happy with the overall customer care experience as was given incomplete information by agent on call so had to waste time visiting the store .
 You should improve your customer service and co ordination between customer care and stores,and give clear picture to customer,company is chitting customer
 Good service
 In mini store they have to improve better service
 Free
 I am just waiting for completing my complain when I need that most.. .
 d adjust my bill .Thanks
 Faithful and satification answer .
 The store needs to be better stocked too . Was just expecting a more seamless experience from Vodafone, that's all .
 Happy..with..the..services...but..standing..n..waiting..for.15minuts..was..tiring..need,,to..keep..some..more..chairs
 Firstly Will not recommend much coz I dont want any one else to be charged extra like I'm charged by giving FALSE offers . Secondly store is very small &congested for such a big multi national company, No waiting / sitting area . Lastly About Associate no greeting, with sad faces, but work I would not saybrilliantly done but good, satisfied .
 Because every time I visit vodafone store I enjoy the experience . Everything goes absolutely perfect .
 Overall better , but need to be best
 No solution provided , reported for data network issue but no answer , requested change from post paid to pre paid and I am following for 3months and the
 Its all good always preffered vodofone keep doing what u guys do
 VMS refers to VS and they have no proper info . Till today my doc submission and sim swap not done though I'd submitted my proper documents 5 days ago aspeq sms i received from vodafone . amytime my no may stop working . worst customer satisfaction of vodafone .
 You system for getting a nano sim is really bad, first i have to activate the normal sim then i have to go back for getting a nano sim
 whether ur staff's lazy or ur processes r too slow .
 I got prompt attention from the office & the staffs . My purpose of visit was fulfilled .
 I got this connection on saturday, and it got activated today evening . Ur store associate was very helpfull but dere systems are either not working properly or are very slow .
 The attendants were helpful . Information was adequately and correctly provided . But service was slow . I would not like to recommend Vodafone to others because of non action against my complaints of wrongful balance deductions .
 FAST SERVICE, QUICK RESPONSE, WITH RESPECT & GENTLY TALK.
 good night .. . it's midnight 1. 30 .. . Please do not disturb on this time.. .
 vodafone service is very best at all of telecom company
 Your staff is cooperative but your policies are impractical .
 I am mainly suffer from your network then your exicative which not supported .then your plans, and I will do my sim postpaid to prepaid to coming bill and if network will poor then you go to heal
 Customer care people i mean agent's take salary to make people fool with wrong information and m planing to switch other network
 The reason behind this is my bill dispute has nt been resolved yet.they hv just send in a mail to backend
 5 star
 Store associates are not uptodated . They do not listen to someone patiently . They even do not want to accept their less knowledge .
 ** want to kno about plans and is asking for last half an hour should not have
 It was a fabulous experience
 Overall all my issues were handled efficiently & satisfactorily, But at times he was not fully with the customer
 Firstly, I prefer Vodafone to any other telecom service . I have been using Vodafone for a long time now and it has provided me the best services and internet offers . The store visit was accompanied by a warm welcome by the attendant and he was helpful throughout .
 Good
 They were rude n the things they promised they culdnt fulfill plus they tried to avoid..thank u. .
 Nice person ankur
 It was a good experience . I am happy that my request was taken care of quickly . Thankyou.
 They don't keep their promises
 Vodafone is the best .
 Great customer support!! !
 oach tha the voda store at mayur vihar only nd was refused for any possible solution or clarification . When my all details are updated on centralised system of vodafone then these kind of statements cant be accepted . Seeking for resolution for my problem asap .
 It's a terrible experience which cannot be text . I would like to be in communication with one of the senior executive before I approach the consumer foru
 Superb sevice given by executive.my experience was gud .
 connection . Later I found prepaid is much economical and suits my need .
 It was a great experience at the store as my motive was fulfilled and I was very much satisfied
 Your staff at stores in CP misbehaves with the customers even after complaints you take no action
 Avinash saini ir good worker .
 Good and promt service . Paying attention to my problems and needs
 I have been a Vodafone customer since several years . and using 3G , every month I renew my 3G by sending SMS to MI 251, however yesterday after sending SMS there was no response from Vodafone so I immediately rushed to the nearest Vodafone office in four Bunglows Andheri to inquire , since I had 723mb balance , so I would get a credit to my account by renewing before expire date , however when I asked your staff why no credit they replied saying wcard to Airtel since your have no idea working for Vodafone ,they replied saying yes you can change to Airtel if you wish! This was really embarrassingand I may change my SIM card plus all my 26 staff members in my office, I appreciate your inquire and action , please contact me on 9833080975 for any further information ! Honestly I should be compensated for my loss . Thanking you for your good services . Risburt
 Helpful & efficient staff with smile
 9 plus
 The dealing person's patient listening & quick service, unlike many other occasions
 The staff of the store didn't know how to solve the issue- the phone was disconnected for 4 days intermittently as I had asked to change the address- whereas they could have put in the new address along with request for reactivation . This caused unnecessary hassles for 4 days .
 I have visited Vodafone gallery yesterday for new plans and offers available for me because I was getting last 2 bills around Rs.1000 but there is no anyoffer or plans available for me I have visited gallery evening time and my token no . was last so your executive was in hurry for closing and she didn'toffer me any plan suitable for me and so I have decided to port out my number from Vodafone and ported in to Airtel
 ealership .
 Gud response nice
 wo hrs but believe me it took around six hrs before my sim was activated .
 This is too early to rate as I do not know whether my concerns are over up to my satisfaction . From my previous experiences it is difficult to rate you good .
 The way he explained about the internet on cell wad very satisfying .
 Next time don't texts or calls because getting irrited .
 I was very unhappy with the service...I had some querry regarding my bill but the people over there were just telling go to that guy n this guy...like th
 too less counters . too many customers . nobody to guide at entrance for token etc .
 Just good experience thats all
 Very Good Customer Service Jind Vodafone Store
 Mast...... .
 Very good and timely service . Excellent executive on duty
 I have paid Rs . 647 without using your 3G service for the number 8884755006. All my request to cancel the account has been neglected and month on month bills are getting generated and I'm being pressurized to pay . I am currently also thinking to port my Primary number of 10 years with Vodafone to some other provider .
 Excelent network,internet offers and quick responce for my queries
 very given by ramya . super service . very happy
 Nice store, nice service, nice staff
 I'm satisfied with your service .your connection is much better than others .
 10 very satisfied
 Awesome
 It fill very nice .. .
 Very Bad Experience of Vodafone
 The store girls attitude is disaster ,they are showing their attitude in front of us I am not at all happy with ur store associates
 Good
 Mr noshad secrifais me so I impress him he is doing gud job well done mr noshad
 Documents required for sim exchange were told different by 2 different stores . After waiting 1 hour at the store, was told by the sales person (shama) that some other documents are needed . After arranging for the same IN FRONT OF THE SALES PERSON, she told me that sim exchange could not be done that day.She was uninterested and laughing about it with other store employees .
 The executive had good patience . Also Pls if possible start distributing already cut sim cards in new packs
 I think need to emprove your customer service system .
 more spacious sitting place . 3. The store associate seemed to be very helpful, was in no haste and spoke properly too . And I hope that you will continueservicing like this in future too . :)
 Good service but lot explanations by d associate n lot waiting
 I had a horrifying experience at the Ministore ...greatly disappointed ! No cooperation, extremely inefficient! ! I was harassed, extremely bad experience...will withdraw connection soon
 Vodafone Is The Best In Telecom .
 No comments
 k from her !
 For 3 months the services was quite good.But this months some extra charges were added to my bill account.Vodafone people think we are fools.We have never used internet.why would i download anything for Rs 99 when I can get anything on internet for free.Had it been prepaid there would have been no chanceto deduct the amount . I am using internet for more than 6 years but this is the first time I have faced such an issue.This is completely unacceptable .
 Thank you for the services you provided I expect the same good and qualitative services in future from you all . .
 10  Sent from Dharan's ASUS
 I am not so good with data n tabs . Voda staff has always patiently helped out .
 Reasons already told in u r store and customer care also
 I went to there to change my postpaid plan to prepaid after waiting for around 2hrs I end up changing my plan .
 I DONOT COMMENT I WIL CHANGE SIM
 Executives behave good approach
 FREE
 WAY OF TAKING WITH CUSTMORES IS VERY BAD
 I had a query about currency being cut nine times for some online site that I did not visit . He Heaton other explanation but to blame me
 Fully satisfied .
 Dont like vodafone service
 When I reached the gallery it was about to pull the shutter down but was allowed Inn and my job was done within no time, thank u
 Your commitments were wrong . What was said that are not available .
 The staff at the store is not cooperative at all They dont even keep change to give back to customers ! They refuse the sim replacement if change is notgiven The sim replacement charges should be charged in the bill which was not done by the staff
 Got a prompt service
 Please solve my billing dispute as early as possible .
 The entire staff was helpful..and very polite to every customer.....sply shaquib & usha
 Peson is very helpful
 its good
 The executive reply when i asked him to check my net Dongle was that we have no port to check this . You should have brought your laptop . How is that ?
 Service is very good and very satisfy in tge service nnd good good knowledge and good behaviour
 Atmosphere& Culture created there is so nice . Mood of anyone energies with it . Politeness and helping staff really touch the heart .
 M satisfy with vodafone store service...thnx
 Expertise required to tell people the benefit of using either postpaid or prepaid as per their usage .
 The associates were very rather unpleasant
 Like the service
 I have been requesting to activate 1299 plan on my no . I have been told by your representatives, when I asked the reason, I was being told if we offer that plan to you, then company will make less money . Please understand, I don't earn money to pay your bills . I earn money for myself , if I don't get 1299plan, then I will port my no to other service provider .
 V hv just migrated 2 Vodafone with Four postpaid connection.But sorry to say tht v all r facing major Network issue @ my residence . For each call v hv to out
 Sorry
 8 out of ten
 I went to store to get help,but all I got is plz contact customer service, i tired taking to ivr, it is a great difficulty to reach a csr via phone . So why do you have a store when you're not able to help .
 Queue is not well organized, cust service executives are serving you and also attending to many other people so we have to keep waiting, repeat the problem 10 times and it is frustrating . Even your own staff keep interrupting and it is very offending as if you have no value...hopeless
 It's was not orderly followed. . No time keeping Instead i was explained about postpaid plan wasting my time. .
 Thanks
 1. My token no was 179. When I entered around 4.35 token 161 was already being attended . My no came at 5.30. With almost 7 customer service at the counter, it took so long . 2. The floor was with lots of water at the sitting area for customer . A customer brought it to the notice of the guard, who in turn brought it to the notice of some senior people several times but no heed was paid . Close to an hour the housekeeping came . And cleaned the place . 3. I explained my case to the staff who did try to help me by calling someone to do the changes in my phone to avail the internet facility that I had paid for, unfortunately the settings have not happen and I have wasted my 199 for the plan . Iam dissatisfied and would prefer to change the service provider if I continue to go thru such events . Thank you .
 Vashi gallery was so crowded couldn't speak to anyone and these guys dnt solve problems
 Best executive
 First thing I never visited your store & this is the reason I am not happy with overall service as you as a service provider dnt know what's gng on.. . Ne
 1. Recieption at gate by Security in and out is good 2. Enrolling the need in the computer ang guiding is good . 3. The executives recieption and responseis good . 4. Time taken for solving the problem in a short time is good .
 Good service
 People working in Vodafone store were very helpful .
 Because your employ understand all problem and thay solving problem fast.That set ok .
 I have changed my porting from loop to Vodafone in Nov 14, I received my first bill of 6500/-, Bcoz due to technical error from Vodafone my data pack which I have opted for is not activated . After repeated calls to the customer care and also 2 visits to the Vodafone gallery at Bandra west . The issue is not yet resolved .
 It was good
 Best service given to me.i am fully satisfied
 First, I went to the till . CSR didn't tell me there was a token to be taken for queue . I was made to stand there for 10 just looking at the csr at the till who didn't ask me what I want or tell me what to do! When I ask him what to do, he said he was serving a customer who came before me . I told him I understand and that I have no problem with that but I asked why I was not told that I need to get a token and that there was a queue system as it was my first time in the store . He just didn't understand what I was saying but kept saying whatever he felt like! ! I left without paying my bills !
 For 1st question . Because Vodafone has a great customer service . They solved my problem in less than 15 minutes . So I'll recommend Vodafone to others .
 Helpful efficient staff made it worth it
 Bill paid ** gaya hai . Mob . No.9909021682 Ki out going stop hai !!!! ! Mein mob . No . 9909021682 & Mob no.9687621682 pripaid karane store pe gayatha . Lekin store valone pri paid nahi kiya. . Ye Sweet talk to imotionly ***** mailing . hai .
 The suporting members require havoc HR improvement in customer handling & politenes even in job pressure . Thanks for your survey questioneries .
 however the representative did not complete the sim verification process at the billing address .
 One mark less bcauz this was the 3rd time, staff did not know about scheme for sr . Citizens
 Thanks
 Ur employeer r cheating people and taking illegal money at vodafone galleries
 They have no manners to talk with costomers and how to help customer so please teach them well
 Good service & all employees
 Your customer service is bad
 No pleasant temperature, to wait for 55 minutes, too much crowded tiered staff by 6 pm
 Q3. 5
 No comets. .
 Sometimes your representatives act so helplessly . Why at all have you made them sit at such places when you don't give them the authority to handle issues .
 elp from his colleagues and in the process delayed the whole thing
 Staff has not updated my request in the system in spite of clear instructions .
 Vodafone service very excellent .
 Good exper
 O
 i do not get bill in my email.when i get it does not open . so many times i have raised this issue but the problem remains unresolved . i have to go all the way to your store .
 Vodafone stores R very good but just to change the billing package going to a vodafone store doesn't make sense, will be more then happy if the same could be done over the phone .
 Resolution in one time.helping staff .
 My internet is working.My e- mail is not opening.Your people said it is beyond their knowledge&said to me that u go to mobile phone repairer sittining onroad side .
 Very gud service
 They were not able to solve my problem . Proper reasons were not provided regarding the net problems faced on i phone 5.
 Good Co operation . Pleasunt intreior.well behaved Assitants .
 I have ur services 4 a long time
 nd i will se if it is rejected.There was no issue and sin started working . However i felt that that way she should not have argued .
 None . Just had a different experience of a lifetime . Did not utilize the phone even for one call or SMS but bill you have multiplied 4 times and sent . Solovely is Vodafone . My no 9167775677 which I have never used since purchase . check out and close the account tell me how much to pay . OK I have submitte
 O
 Vodafone takes care of customer .
 00570068006F006C00650020007100750065007200790020006900730020006E006F007400200073006F006C007600650064002000610074002000730074006F00720065
 The attitude of service representatives to handle requirements and fast action
 Reason being .not Reason being reason
 The token machine was not working, but you get the no . Once your no is called you to go and stand in front of your staff quite awkward situation . Any howI feel more comfortable to call your help line rather than visiting store . They are not very happy to help anyway I have kept my connection on trial bases I shall disconnect it after next bill .
 8 They appear well trained .
 The Services given by executives are likely and manner of talking is also nice . Token allotement help us to avoid quarrels n crowd .. . in simple serviceis satisified and good .
 My issue of billing not resolved , staff there is not able to do it . I have to suffer because of this . My phone is being disconnected because of this .
 1) Avoid customers to wait for 2-2 hrs . 2) Executives who attends the customers should greet the customers & ask them to have a seat . 3) Executives should give proper attention when customers speak to them . Not to ignore by doing some other things when customers talking to them .
 I got first point of contact . All the things has been done on single counter . Just improve infrastructure and provide sitting arangement for waiting customer .
 It was nice . Everyone was helpful. .
 Avik sen ,employee of vodafone store is very capable . He should be the store manager
 Scheme related issues... . Time per user .
 o talk to .
 dear sirs, I am a staunch fan of vodafone . ur people are very professional andvery courteous.at no desk, there was any delay . I was extemely glad thatmy work was done very meticulously . thanks a lot . hats off vodafone ..good day
 Vodafona is a good company.Your service is good.I feel great with ur service.I am happy because i am your customer .
 Style of covey the customer and tone of talking with customer and efficiently service provided to customer .. Thank you
 The staff did not gave complete information at a time because of which I had to visit the store 4 times for transfering my sim from post paid to prepaid.Further they gave me a faulty sim card due to which I faced inconvenience for three days as the sim was not working and the waiting time at the store istoo much . I had to wait for my turn for an hour everytime when I visited . I wont ever suggest anyone to go for vodafone in future . Highly dissapointed !
 I went to Girish Park store with application for change of billing address from registered office to individual subscriber's mailing address . I had to wahere my connection has been released on the basis of the same and I've been advised to cotact the RTO and the way of talking the executive applied seemsto me that I was begging before him & he was trying to escape and very domitating in stead of solving my problem .
 The job was done with minimum hassle
 Prompt response in resolving the issue .
 Shailesh
 Ur service is exceelnt, as well as Mr Das is very fine behaved young . Wishng this type of youngs r requird to maintain d customrs . My all wishes -with u.Good tomorrow .
 Kind staff, positive attitude .
 Excellent
 Very helping nature and extra ordinary services .
 I spent more than 45 minutes when hardly 4-5 clients were there against more than 10 executives . Very rude and bad company policies
 Very good
 I am ur customer since > 18 years . No issue between us before past 5 months . You had raised a bill of 1,092.00 which was to be paid by 28/06/14 and ourchq of same amount was cleared from our bank on 30/06/14 which somehow is not reflecting in ur systems . I have received more than 500 calls from ur callcentre for the payment of this amnt and everytime i have been providing them the details but of no use . Another issue arised of my latest bill of amnt1,225.78 which also got cleared from our bank on 30/11/14 and one of ur executive is confirming the same when i received a call from ur centre but i donot know why outgoing facility has been terminated from my no . since last two days . On 15/12/14 when we approached to your vodafone store at Nehru GroundNIT FBD and met Mr Dheeraj breifing the same he clearly told us to pay this latest bill which we have already paid but he behaved so arrogantly and evenwas not ready to listen us . Is this the way of treating ur client in this competitive period where everyone is trying to fetch max of mkt share . I haveagain sent my person with all the details to ur above store . Pl look into the matter and favour me by bringing out me from this above episode otherwisei will be bound to surrender this no . and go for other service provider . Ur reply is eagerly awaited .
 Got a great service from vfs kunnamkulam . Thanks a lot the executive who gave me a good service.thanks vodafone. .
 It was a great experience
 The store associate/incharge didn't have the communication skills to convey anything properly I personally found that d person who attained me was not atall desired to give any service/help
 Nine
 M bar bar store p jata hu but problem solve nhi hoti
 Please make your customer care people know minimum knowledge about your services ans packages
 I am tired of repeating the stories past 45 days. . still its unsolved. . pls ask the higher authority to call n solve my problem related to bill before disconnecting my line
 good response got from that store
 NO EFFORTS TO RETAIN CUSTOMER NO HELPING NATURE
 on a Saturday at 7pm itself stating they were told to do so .
 Really pathetic service I have experineced with yourstore . And being one of the valuable customer the way they had treated me was absolutely worst . I haw how you guys retain ur customers !!ve decided not to step into ur store again . If you don kn the value if your customer then how you will give service to them ! Looks very odd but dont kno
 U mst pay more attn to training Of Staff
 Well mannered , informed and smiling interaction with your rep Mr. Sagit and understanding the problems and resolving the same is the reason for my ratin
 Quick and proper response . solve the problem very less time and good behavior .
 I have already emaile a letter to vodafnecare.mum .
 I was not attended properly, the executive was more interested in speaking on his personal call . I waited for 15minutes to pay my bill .
 Very very irresponsible interaction with staff of ur Megamall Store, they misguiding & Harrasing people damaging image of VODAFONE. Take strickest stepsto save goodwill of VODAFONE If you dont work on this, than u r westing time to save image of VODAFONE
 Good
 Very good behaviour
 Good
 I always love to visit your store... . Because service part is very good in the store.... .
 Kalpana was very helpful girl....good service .
 Everything s fine keep going all the best
 When i go to the store they are freely taking and helping me in my p
 Need to be little more improved
 I dont want to use ur services . So i m intersted to port all my corporate noss. .
 Commendable service! !
 Improve English speaking ability
 Plans are not very clear . U need to find some easy way for this
 Service was very fast, efficient and uncomplicated .
 Basically, reps in stores should be more customer friendly . It doesn't hurt to wish a friendly good morning . What I got was a "yes tell me what do you want"
 If possible pl call back 11 am to 5 pm understood about problems
 Happy with the store....and experience while interaction was also good
 Good services
 Then I complained to Head Customer Service and finally resolved . I have taken 4 connections for my family and 1 data connection for net .
 Store associate dont know the procedure she is asking details to other associates
 The staff handle my request very efficently n also guided me correctly
 Vivek having very good knowledge
 Service extended by AMARJIT was appropriate, specific and need based, I experienced high level of competency in your person . Thanks
 Over it is 'the best'
 Customer care representative was extremely stupid . He did not have any knowledge . He did not even transfer call to his superior .
 I hv visited ur store at karol bagh....services there were better... . i'm not dissatisfied....it ws gud
 All your customer care representatives are chatting with each other without attending the customers . All the customers have to wait for a long time .
 When I pay my bill online . Every time failior and last few months I am not getting sms how much I have to pay, and after payment not getting Conformation SMS.
 Feeling good
 First of all 12 in the night is not the time for questions Secondly your Vodafone store at tumkur your staff they do not cooperate
 They are sensitive to the problems & pain faced by the users . Absolute carelessness, we take so much time to visit store and there in no gaurantee that our complain will be settled and we get the confirmation of it . Feel being taken granted...no value for our time . I have visited twice but in vain .  Thanks Naresh
 I went for changing my normal sim into a micro sim but they told me to get my fathers ID and a NOC. But I stay in guwahati and my father is in Tura i.e.2from outside.I went for changing my normal sim into a micro sim but they told me to get my fathers ID and a NOC. But I stay in guwahati and my father is in Tura i.e.225 kms from here, I told them that, I can bring my fathers ID and mine too, but she culdnt help me with those,documents, so finally I had to get it donefrom outside .
 Exllent job good service
 Vodafone is best from all the networks
 Happy with helpful & efficient staff
 Pls make arrangements like chairs benches to sit for waiting customers And one of d store associate named jyothi was not interacted correctly with me andnt in store mentally not physicallyI asked to update for 499 3g plan but she has activated 499 2g plan laterr on u got to no by calling customer care So pls tell ur associates to be prese
 Keep Improving.. . Keep Serving.. .
 I have not got free recharge worth Rs 1000.
 I no I understand
 The staff was very cooperative and quick
 first of all visiting your store means waiting for 45 minutes to 60 minutes also to senior citizens . second we have been compelled to visit store due toincomplete info . on your website . you should allow customers to change his plans and offers on their my vodafone . my experience is that if company is benefitted with the change then it is activated otherwise not . think about it .
 No personal service, just in and rushed out . Look at how corporate Verizon wireless stores in America do service and it will be better .
 Problem not solved yet
 Never give full information . Works for their benefits
 Without use of internet charge in the bill and u r service provider Mr. Gajendra singh behaved very badly for us .
 My 3G was canceled without my knowledge . I was promised that it will be activated yesterday , I'm still waiting . I have been overcharged last month for 3Gas per your store executive .
 No interest in attending customers ,worst way of handling token system
 Good and prompt service by associate but severe network issue .
 Service is exemplary good...which is given by that lady. .
 Good person
 Vodafone  Service is really pwsm
 The store is handling the issues , I experienced , for more as data entries for issues of customer , and forwards the issues for simple cases . It took mefrom 2nd dec to 16 dec with 5 times undisclosed service termination . This could be activated only after going to store next day which has not only resulted severe impact on my financial , social but to a lot to mental harresement . Top of the thing is that the no.given for contacting back was not attended . It was bad experience for resolving the issue where one feels lonely even after having association with Vodafone for around 10 yrs with good monthly billing . Systems are there but focusing on improvements can make it buiseness to be loved for .
 Waiting for a long time Instead of doing my thing something else was being done No place to move about
 no accurate thariff plan details . solwely respons, little knowledge of plans . technical knowkege is very bad .
 They are not happy to help.! ! They are poor communicators . U can call me in the afternoon.will be happy if you train them to behave better
 Gud SERVICE. AND STAFF
 Cooperative associates and immediate service
 Good service in ur store and c3 I am satisfied ur employees service
 Good service, strong network, well trained staff, etc .
 Awesome service with full info
 Very gud
 am stisfied with their serivce
 Queries were solved and satisfied .
 Whenever I went to Vodafone store with my queries or complaints, Return from store with satisfaction .
 All staff nature and bahave is so good specally miss bharti ji she was very helpfull for me
 Pls remove the documentation and make it an e-service
 All the interactions with Vodafone officials were fine . Everyone guided properly and responded positively .
 Vodafone is the best option........and giving a good services to the users.. .
 I was send from one office to another for sum change and then back to same office to activate, one office asks for one set of paperwork other one says that won't work . As if I don't have anything else to do, other than keep traveling between your Offices and bring in more and more paperwork . Ridiculous
 uncomfortable... .
 Earl tannen from Vodafone store byculla was very kind n helpful .
 Best
 I had called your office and they gave me certain information . Upon entering your office, I came to know that information was wrong . It was a waste of time and money . Kindly keep your telephone operators updated with your physical offices . Thank you
 Swathi
 Great service .
 Was good average experience but lacked welcome ness and some staff not being in great happy customer service mood Thanks
 Over all gud but little bit disappointing on the part of 3g network . some time its not connected .
 Overall gd.. .
 I know Geetha & Annal . They are always very helpful .
 The staff is trained,courteous and well behaved,moreso the services of Vodafone.Best wishes .:)
 Great experience
 00420065007300740020007300650072007600690063006500200069006E00200061006C006C
 I am very satisfied about everything from your exacutive it was fully helpful .
 00540068006100740020006C00610064007900200074006F006C00640020006D011B002000610062006F00750074002000610020006E0065007700200070006C00E1006E002000770068006900630068002000770061007300200076011B00720079002000750073006500660075006C00200066006F00720020006D00650020
 Service was not proper . They misguided & even were not able to explain . Still they have not updated me whether the service is active or not .
 The store associate Ms. Tara helped me a lot to get a new postpaid connection . Interaction was very good and job was done very quickly without waiting for long .
 My experience is fully satisfie
 The concern executive was cool and understood our problems well to our satisfaction
 Speedy service and good knowledge of executive . Very polite and helpful .
 Executives at your store patiently helped us
 Good sevice associate and vodafone
 No help me at ur vodafone store
 Very receptive, helpful and quick
 Quick and prompt service
 Your store is always 1.dont provide all services..like sometime ths Is nt workng cnt take payments..2. Three times it happened.i went to get my sim change it took 2 days once n second time request was not forwarded even
 Simply great
 Nice keep going good
 Good
 The person is not bothered of the fact that i want to port out . He is not ready to help me with my problems . He is like i can't do anythin related to mybill problems.Wen i told him i want to port out he told me to go to the related service providers outlet .
 cse well experience and give me quick resolution
 I stay at vasai , my mobile no is a Mumbai no . When I visited a store in vasai the executive informed me that i have to visit a store in Mumbai . He informed me that as per the company process the system does not provide access of data of Mumbai no in vasai and vice versa . I felt lost .
 The person who attend me has a good knowledge and very good nature . Great experience
 Good service and polite nature
 THANK FOR YOUR HELP I HOPE IN FUTURE YOU STILL CONTINUE GIVES YOUR SERVICES
 Interaction with the store associate was very good and helpful
 d do neither
 I give Vodafone 10/10 bcoz vodafone services is good as comparison wid others like airtel , idea , nd all others . Vodafone 3G services are very fast nd
 Your staff Aruna always gives best and honest service
 I appreciate your work
 Very satisfied
 Very good service
 I need to talk to your customer service to resolve my problem, else I need to go for other service provider .
 I felt the services were good but i was disappointed when i had to visit the store again for the same work .
 Nice service
 From October-13 onwards I am giving complaints regarding Network problem in my house area . Nobody responded . This week I applied for porting and I paid
 Its very good
 Overol service is very good . I want data plan offers .
 Ok
 Over all experience was good but communication skills specially voice modulation , smile on the face appeared mechanical
 Excellent
 Excellent staff very helpfull
 Nothing to tell all is good
 Excellent customer handling
 Good
 Behaviour is gud n response is quick
 Very much responding and helpful .
 Very good service provided by vodafone ...manager ashish was very helpful and easily relsolve my problim
 Net charges 450 wihout my knowledge . Pls . Check status .
 I like listening power of Associate n understand of customers problem..thanks n Good Day. .
 My new sim is still not activated..can anyone look into it ? Based on a call from vodafone it waa told that the replacement sim will be activated in 1hr ie 7pm its 9am now and still not active
 it was notices that your personnel were not customer friendly and taking more time to resolve the query. .
 Not good
 My s.i. was changed in no time & the girl was very cooperative .
 Staff ws gd Attended me well Underatood n tried to resolve my problem .
 e. I got the solution and now I am satisfied with vodafone services
 My experience was so bad i cant explain the whole scenario by text
 i appriciate the person who attend me poliatly and gave me a complete resolution
 Token no . Is not coming according to electronic display but rather its being called out by associates . Then whats use of the display..? ?
 Every thing is good .
 Good frndly
 I am using this postpaid in 2 year. . U cannot give me any gifts & offer.. .
 No comments
 Good
 Best service for other store
 Your cellular service is going really bad so I went to the store, while the folks at the store helped me out I definitely want to see the cellular network to improve .
 Store is situated at centre.location of city with with very good atmosphere, good infra . With smart n skilled staff
 Vry good response dey gve me
 I m very setisfied your service your all excutive are very good
 On the basis of coape ration of your staff and services
 Nice Service Provided By Ur Executive
 I had walked in your store was very upset with services
 Her name is priksha she isVery gud service provider
 Promptness of your Associates is good .
 I was upset when I came to know that one of my prepaid no was allotted to someone else .
 I have given these ratings because the way of talking of your store associate MR. JAGJIT SINGH is so good as he solve all my problems and satisfy me
 Excellent
 You're associate was very help full. . thank you
 Excellent service
 Very satisfied
 very good co-opration
 tomers. .
 Unknowledgeble staff No solution of problem Different answer for one querry .
 In store they have treated as gentle and they have explained clearly about the plans
 Quick, courteous, helpful and smiling
 Fantastic job good service
 The spokesperson didnt have a good tone to talk . The network is pathetic . Call drops .
 Very satisfied 10
 Very good
 I thought the store asst was professional, identified d problem, offered a solution and executed it to satisfaction w/o much fuss .
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
 . The over all staff must be appreciated .
 Mr mustafa was not gracious helpful though told to guide . Also itemised bill req in soft hard without us havin to pay fr it was not attended to . Even onphone customer care wasted my money time but bill issue not resolved . Still awaitin reply by mail fr the same
 Good
 My maiden visit gave an immense satisfaction which is my first impressio
 The person over the counter refused to talk to your representative & was absolutely non-co-operative
 Greeted . Offered a seat . Swift . No croud . Didnt have to wait . It all took around 5 minutes to complete .
 Q 4 -- satisfaction
 I request for microsim yesterday which still nt activate . It is worst experience with vodafone .
 Senior citizens/handi cappeds be given priority customers' choice be amply explained insted of diverting their selection THANKS
 Very helpful staff
 The data plans offered are very expensive even to existing loyal customers .
 He is nice boy I want to 3g net he told me all things and give me 3g demo
 2G NET FAST CHALTA H OR NETWORK SERVICE ACHHI MILTI H
 I like ,no more time taken
 My voice doesn't reach the other side when I call or receive a call . All internet calls can b heard though . Sim replaced but prob not solved
 Very bad vodafone person .
 Over all it was helpful
 Ur thar store like a circus place . Please keep skilled person who feels the pain of customer, not engaged himself to pesonal matter . Pl . arrange sittingplace as much as possible .
 Satisfied
 The Associate was receptive to my concerns & addressed very patiently .
 Long wait, mistakes in work .
 It was very good kind hearted
 Service shall be best than that....anyway it's . Also not so bad
 Services provide by store was really good .
 Your store persons have no value if there word . Nikhil was busy on chatting on whatsapp no value for customers
 The service was very fast and the store person response was good
 The associates are good and helpful but my SIM took more than 15 days to get ported .
 Wrongly committed waiver of rs.1050. We have recorded call
 Good atmosphere, cleanliness, good communication
 My exeprence was very good to visit vodafone store
 Firstly your's attend the costumers and doing work very well with responsibility I'm happy
 No proper response from customer service
 Good servce
 Superb . Service and good team I'm swastik store
 They solve my problem about my number
 People were handling customers efficiently at store, including guard who issued tokens to person sweeping floor .
 Customer friendly service .
 Overal very satisified with your services
 1O
 Your service was exclent and exective was very polite to the customer
 The way of explaining of plans and convincing the customer is very good
 Wrongly commented waiver of rs 1050
 Gud
 Your officer met me is good . Behaved me well . Tried to help me best . Has assured to report me today, over telephone about activation of my request rendered yesterday , like my close one .
 you say to me replace sim card I done this but my problem is so please sort out my problem
 Thanks for your help
 All my queries are addressed and the associate was polite and professional .
 I'm satisfied with Vodafone overall service
 Body language face expressions the way of talking to the consumer here and vepery branch i have visited both are same behave like that they are act likedoing favour for the customer they dosnt no u appointer to give good customer service but they behave like difrent
 Highly cooperative&patiently solved the problem
 My problem still not solved
 Sk . Ansar is excellent in knowledge and vodafone details . Pls make your other employees also like him .
 Very satisfied
 I appreciate the system you follow to serve the cutomers . The store associates gave the apt guidance and answered my queries aptly
 Good service and staff is very helpful .
 Welk my query was solved in no time, everthing was systemactic & finally store was near frm my place
 ctory
 What he said that time, even not done today . I don't no why ?
 Waiting time is very much...waited there for my turn very long! ! That spoil our mood and also documentation is also a hectic process
 Its good... .
 Later talks regarding my complaint didn't favour me . It's more than 6 months I logged in a complaint and till date I didn't get a successful answer . So am planning to port my 7 Vodaphone connection
 Vary good
 Sir your representative provide wrong information on about vodafone plan . Kindly help me
 Its because of very comfortable process for billing,as I wish
 Your service was exclent and am very happy to with your service
 Overall service provided by you is best among all . People behavior are really humbled even at late evening hours .
 My query was met
 Good experience
 Staff very curtious
 I have 149 cug government plan . 100 local minutes is not enough for me . So i want 200 local minutes free for that plan . Otherwise close my connection .
 Good and need to improve more
 I had visit 5 time in store(nerul) but non of the executive are giving me proper information
 The Executives were very courtious helpful provided all information I asked for Thank you
 Good EXpirence
 There is only one gallery of Vodafone and there was too much rush it took 5 hours just to get a new sim........ .
 vodafone service is best
 No problem
 Good
 I am very happy to see your service
 Good
 Good
 If posible provide me a contact number of any senior manager becz i have very serious isue regarding my number
 s no queue at the token pulling machine . Absolute chaos . Wait time was 30 mins .
 Very helpful
 Need an affordable family share plan for data and talk . The min if 499 per person is quite high for an average family . Will return to Vodafone for my needs .
 The associates are very helpful and alert of the things happening . The info given by them is clear .
 Good service
 Yesterday I went to vodafone store to restart my data connection but i could not get it started even today
 Last time i visited your store to cancel my service but advisor retained me by offering extra 200 std mins along with my previous 300 min free std..whichwas misleading.and no one form customer care or from store can help..usless customer service..i wil go to TRI
 Your system was not working when I went there for payment . Hence my outgoing calls were ban . Because of your technical problem I had to suffer . When I r
 vodafone company is chor hai mera bill bahut jayada de rahi hai jabki main 8-9 saal se vodafone se juda huya hu
 Can be more better
 How many times i have to text you when m know that there us no benifit to tell u Check my mails and previous text Atlast i just wanna say that Not ever want to talk ur executives they are lier
 Cust . Executive was calm, patient, helpful and knowledgeable, and quick too !
 Your service is so poor plus when i went in the store at anand branch the person name Mayank don't know how to talk with customers he behave with us ver
 Poor associates
 Timely response and good reception
 Your representatives at opp. RTO very patiently heard me and rendered full cooperation .
 Sinecre boys, espe{ially Ram & Kumud .
 Overall good feedback
 The services are good & the excutive were helpfull
 one executive was absent so none to collect money to pay bill.other one was misguiding first when enquired about some service.although after insisting hehelped.vodafone has bad services .
 Very friendly service, immediate solution to our complaints,overall very good response from the security till the manager, keep it up
 Just that my work was done efficiently .
 very quick help, services activated within timeline she has given, suggested data plans.. .
 There should be more persons to take your payments as everyone is not familiar as to how to use the machines or one person should be stationed near the payment machine to help people out
 Very good service and I am very satisfied . ..Thank u
 Helping mentalitty best
 Very good
 Best service
 Awesome!! !
 Happy to comment you .
 Please help me to reduce my bill amount , tel me about a good and suitable tariff for me .
 Very good service
 There is no friendly enviornment and one Mr Rahul misbehaved with me
 Didn't have to wait too long to get a nano sim issued
 Waiting should be reduced
 I am a happy Vodafone customer . I love Vodafone . Hence waited so long to get 3G.
 Associate attendants service and dealimg was prompt and commendable hence 10/10. But the response to resolve the billing issues ,, ACP issues and changeof plans for other circles frm Voda stores and response frm the voda services to prevent surplus charges since last 4-5 mnths and readjustments of payment despite complaints was extremely poor! ! Hence poor rating on those account .
 Excelent
 Earlier a service that I required couldn't activate . Yesterday visit to vodafone store resolved the issue . Now i am satisfied . Thus rated like this .
 in voda store associate help me so much and his talking style so good and envoirement so good
 I have a sim that is old they keep giving me various reasons why i cannot get one . Call me will give you all the details .
 Nice.. .  Keep it up !!
 Defined approach
 This vodafone service is the best and i like the help service vodafone all the best . Thank's
 , but need to see if the solution given was right .
 You need to change your moto.. . Because you don't want to help .
 Very slow processing of customers . Lots of reps hanging around doing nothing .
 Good staff Early solution
 The interaction & behaviour from executive is very satisfying .
 The staff was very friendly and very assistive . They treat me well, understood me well and helped me well . They were all so polite and kind . No one shownany kind of disrespect, after a longtime I found a store where I was extremely satisfied with their service! ! Thank you all for your help
 Avrg prfmnc on stores. . Late proccess
 Because all staff of your company behaved very well with us..thank you
 Network issue
 Thank you being a sr citizen I was attended immediately . Your executives specially the ladies are polite and know their work well and hence the movementof the customers queue is faster at their counter . There is some hitch in calling the token nos becoz I cud hear customers grieving that they are been waiting for 1 hr should organise the movements of customer faster
 Exllent service
 Some services should provide by executives to avoid 2 go 2 ur gallery as v don't have nearby my residence . Thanx HarisH SabniS hamasab007@gmail.com
 rritate a customer .
 Good
 a good manner .
 0 Purna chandh
 Wen I entered your store I got well respect and a chance to tell my problem , it was solved in a very short time period thank you
 Vry nice experience at porur. . but experience at nanganallur store was miserable and very worst .
 my paymt was not deposited on time . was delayed by 2days,that to wen i went after 2days to complain that service were not activated,that man was turningpages to check my numbr n thn he askd someone to activate my service . delayed services n lazy employees . ur people need to work on empathy n courtesy .
 i m using vodafone sim for a long time so i m satisfied with the service till now .
 Pls do something about the signals ( network) in santacruz west . They r really bad .
 They are not responding correctly and without my permission some services are activated . I am paying the bill also to that services .
 Went for sim change to nano . Got it done in less than 4 minutes
 I expected....to know about roaming .. . N cug calls but i did not get proper information
 Quick and responsive
 u got to sell it to him .
 i reached at store cse gave us very gud service full info .
 friendly staffs . quick processing and good service
 Services was good i m happy with .
 004200610073006500640020006F006E0020006D007900200073006100740069007300660061006300740069006F006E0020006C006500760065006C
 I like that.... .
 Very good service by rajesh
 counter attended advise the customer so that he needs not to visit repeatedly for the same work to the service centre . Request these S
 No option to cancel postpaid card taken from rest of tamilnadu at Chennai outlet, apart from that service is good .
 Bcoz the assoviate is very cooprative So im happy with the help which is prowided . But the vodafone bill service is too bad Every month some unwanted amount will be added to my bill
 Day before yesterday I have replaced my normal SIM to Micro SIM at cost of Rs: 200/- in vodafone mini store (Rajarajeshwari Nagar, BEML 3rd stage, Bangal
 Technology doing but bill querry no interest . To solve .
 Token Print out roll were out of stock . Rest all ok as per our rating
 Store is good, the whiting period in store is more that we are expected from you .
 Overall ok . But when we go for postpaid, billing is high .
 Hire more exec wjen u have extra work
 Good
 Good
 Dear sir / madam . Improve the network covarages and arrange field employees in ur stores . Deactive off
 Rcvng nd intraction is gud
 Good service
 Good customer service
 I was in very much hurry as I was to board a train for outstation and I needed my SIM card replaced with a micro SIM. On explaining This situation to thestore executive she helped me with this giving a valued service and they were very courteous especially "Pinky". Thanks for your great service and please convey my appreciation to the deserved one's . Thank you
 Thanks
 excellent
 I d,nt comment
 For each and every request and transaction asking my id proof . Its totally irritating . V can't carry every time .
 Very nice service
 Tashqueen services well
 Quick service .... . Detail explanation of our queries.. .
 I came Vodafone store for changing the postpaid plan to prepaid plan . I'm travelled 40km and they asked me to come next month for this . It is inconvenient ,loss of time and money . So that l am unhappy with your store .
 Vry good
 No one was willing to help . I had to wait to be seen though there were associates who were doing nothing . Also till now my data plan is inactive . Only one person who was in the red shirts was helpful and actually knew what he was doing . The guys at the back were just whiling away time .
 ReSponse by your representative is very poor and give carelessness answer . I got bill in mail mail I'd which is invalid file . Your folks neither given usbill copy to make payment nor sent the bill copy to mail I'd as promised with in 4 hours . Now you must have know how many days have passed . More over Iface l signals drop problems . Therefore I may change the service provider... .
 wledge my problems n try n help . This has given me positive vibes . so the ratings . Thanks .
 Was very rude in talking
 Good service .
 Very bad
 I was not able to communicate my doubts .
 The store should have more customer service desks as after kolkata this is the one, the store should have seating arrangements as the other stores . I hada problem regarding my recharge which the attending employee was unable to solve .
 It takes a lot of time to wait for your coupon number to cume and also the store associates does not Coporate well
 It was the nice exp.with vodaphone thanks
 FREE
 Excellent
 Wait time is biggest concern . No systematic approach to handle queries . Token system not getting followed .
 Waiting is too much . No discipline or senior to manage the clients . Went their in person to expirience it .
 100% Very very good exprerience
 First I didn't have to . wait . The official was courteous,helpful .
 Vodafone is simply d best:-) Its network, net connection evry thng is superb:-)
 Its helpfull
 Its very gud my has resolevd to one intraction
 Fine
 Good service
 I have two post paid sim portability from docomo to vodafone bt one number service incoming & outgoing stoped yesterday without intimation, when i calledstore manager at 6.30 pm he told me nobody in store i will cross check tomorrow morning, then i called 198 bt same ur executive told me transfer ur callto senior & half an hour nobody attended to me
 Fine gesture n welcome,positive discussion with complete satisfaction .
 I like the serivce. . very satisfied . .. .
 Good and quick service
 Service is good
 Its a catastrophe to under Vodafone service provider
 There were mistakes in the bill which were promised to be reversed twice once in November and once in the first week of December from the store which have not been done till date .
 I went for a nano sim and I was delighted to get it by submitting an ID proof immediately. . Keep up the good work .
 Service is good
 Good hospitality and good response time
 They provide very slow service and there should be a skilled worker .
 Good experience 5 star ratings for Vodafone
 I'm request my call details, so many times visit you're Vodafone store no one's help
 Waiting period is more .. Even other rep were free. . They didn't bother. . Rep must be known about, what doc is valid or not ?
 Received well , attended properly and politely .
 Pl cut down hedden charges, let all be trasperent
 very satisfied
 Went to solve a issue on data pack, but no proper response, Dey said we can't help it , before had given a complaint , no is 1737534148 is registered on13-Dec-14 12:26a.m . Went to ask what's the status of compliant, but mr rohan said we can't help it... . I was so disappointed, don't know where to go forsolution . Will wait for a day, if problem is not solved than will go to consumer forum and will quit vodafone and go to other network
 Came for bill dispute . Executive nice explain me . Call charge and datapack I used . I like vodafone service
 All is well
 Staff was good , very interactive and answered the questions well and gave other options also regarding packages .
 very satisfied
 Service to the customer from vod care
 Good
 Store experience was gud, but co . Associates created problems . So looking for cancellation of my connection .
 NICE EXPERIENCE. DETAILS PROVIDED BY ANUJA IS PERFECT. I REALY APPRECIATE HER
 Store was well organised . No confusions . Query handled well by the associate .
 Need some dignity near the billing desk
 customer's feed is the only key for companies improvement
 Employees of ur unit r very professional
 d not process it.They gave me a blank sim and told your sim has been activated with in 2hrs but till now it has not activated.My token number was 75.So tI had gone to Vodafone store on date 15th December in Rourkela for sim replacement with take my necessary document.They received my request but they coul
 Good good.. .
 Fully cooperative
 Very nice behaviour & got proper response . Satisfied services . Good hospitality, dedicated staff . Kumud & Ram are outstanding workers . Thanks & regards .
 Store staff is very much helpful and dedicated to solve problems with any delay at their end .
 Good and positive response at stores . But response at 111 was horrible and I was about to change from Vodafone to Airtel .
 The excellent service
 I gave 7 now because the request I had put in has not materialised still . I will have to visit the store again today for plan change and data package
 Staff was helpful and quick attendance fr sr . Citizen is appreciable
 Had visited your store for change of address and name 2 weeks ago . So that I could pay directly . Had no communication . First time experience very good.Mr Rajeev is real good . System needs to be more responsive and Customer friendly . Hope to get the bill directly and a group scheme . All 6 of us use Vodafone .
 Good service
 Nyc
 Vodafone associate Mani talked and responded good
 Well, the associate was extremely helpful . The store itself was very busy but there was politeness from the guy at the door onwards today . Although, I dobelieve you need to have a Vodafone store close to those customers living in the 'Golden Triangle'.. . Breach Candy, Napean Sea Road & Peddar Road . HEERAis a cellphone hub.PANNA shopping center would be an ideal place . Most other cellphone companies have help centers there & are doing very good business as the place itself
 I've been billed incorrectly . Visited store thrice for rectification . Every time they said it'll be done within 72 hours but nothing happened in last 15 days .
 I am not happy with your 3 G internet in m.p
 Please provide copying system so customer is asked get copy of identification document .
 Actualy the mini store of vasant vihar behave very rudly after 7pm,even d timing is upto 7:30. So try to co-oparate d customer as maxm . As psble . Thanxs
 Customer care interactive is good, but quries yet resolve
 Super
 Very good
 Good
 Clearly explained, in spite of d rush in d store .,with a smile ! Thnks .
 I don't get any problem with using this service . I was visit this store only for issue of sim lost and request for duplicate sim . So 10 out of 10
 Lady knew her job, and did her part in just a few mins
 I had never experienced such a quick service in a quiet and cordial atmosphere as shown at Vodafone store
 satisfied
 Not properly handle . Too much waiting . Just forward for solution to other .
 I hate vodafone
 i am having very good experience with Vodafone it is best postpaid and please give me an monthly internet plan......... .
 Because they really treat me well
 It was good
 Gud customer service
 The waiting queue was extremely disorganized and customers were always trying to get in front of a client interaction with vodafone staff . Perhaps thereare better ways to control the process including dedicated counters for top ups only and dedicated counters for new connections and other transactions . Perhaps that is what is intended but the current situation was utter chaos .
 Prompt reply
 Their approach is good...and peaceful...very good
 Quick and correct resolution
 Excellent presentation . ..nice knowledge . ...if my request succeed then it will be my favourite store .
 Nano sim is out of stock but no one in kukatpally branch informed me prior to submitting the sim replacement form . I lost 2 hrs of my time .
 . Also No one knows a **** about your Vodafone Red plans . To each his own . & I'm now stuck in the middle of nowhere because of that .
 I hope your Associate is best .
 people will bring bad name of your company in the market .
 03C3043A
 Overall had a good experience
 The sales associate didn't know what he was doing . We purchased multiple SIM cards that did not work and did not get a refund . We waited 5 days to get service on 2 phones because the other sales associated did not know what to do .
 Improve your standards give respect to customers
 Tashqueen ur vod associate has guide me in a perfect maNner nd I like ur service .
 till the second I'm texting the mobile no 9943642479 not activated .
 Any new customer walking in does not know the process of completing the transaction, as the setup in the specific store was that the reception was at theback and all the customer service personnel were in the front . Some one needs to guide them on the entry itself or there had to be clear posters towardsthe same .
 My requirements were well understood and appropriate plan was suggested Mr Manik was very understanding and Good . Nice job Done thanks
 Because i got the very good response from your end .
 All my question were answered . He helped me out
 The male executive tashqueen is very frndly and hardworking guy he solve my every query
 Gus and great experience because behaviour of of Vodafone staff so gud
 Great person shiv i really want to meet him only .Bcoz his behave polite,knowlegable .
 I m nt getting helped by your executives
 Nice hospitality
 Very good executives,and their dealings are attractive,totally i like its experiences.,
 I wanted to change my SIM to nano SIM but too much harassment
 Vodafone is cheating me
 Awesome service
 Procedures were not explained properly at the first place.I had to visit 3 places to understand the proper procedure .
 nice.. .
 Wow
 Store associate they were helpfull for me .
 I got a very gud service environment in vodafone.... . Associate gives info very clearly..... . U guys rock... .
 Your service is very fast
 The information given on the resolution was not complete and the behaviour was not good
 Yup it was good the guy was helpful
 New connection taken . Promo rates are yet to take effect despite several visits to the store
 expecting intimation of bills n clear description for the bill amount to b paid .. . plans should b explained detaily for better understandings
 The attitude and behaviour of the staff are extremely nice, they are courteous and serve with a smile .
 I m fully satisfied with d service given by Vodafone executive .
 The fifth time that i went to the store.. . spoke to the manager for sumthing thats your error
 Because Vodafone service is very fast
 Nice Shubham sharma
 My 3G connection has been connected but I am unable to received my mail till now . Can u help me ?
 None .
 s and treated me very well .
 very supportive, understanding, getting issues resolved on a fast track . in short everyone were very helpful .
 Excellent
 Very co-operative and prompt
 ts raised from the past 10 days.. .
 Everyting is fine . Need to fast up internal process such as activation of new connection
 Long queue without any information . Not any type of display for token number . Let's make some changes to update information online . You can request andaccept scan documents online to update the information by registered email id or mobile . Offer water at your store at least .
 Ultimately, consumwr satiafaction is the key to success for any business organisation in todays market, which I'm getting from your product & services .
 As senior citizen I was called very soon . Forms for 2 replacements sim were filled by Izhar quickly Got it approved and being long que at cashier he gotme sim cards in no time
 Everything is good . Dikshit talked very well and give answers of my all Queries calmly even after there was a long queue and he was the only available executive at lunchtime . He did all new connection process in my single visit . I very much happy with your service till now.. .
 Some of d staff are courteous & helpful with pleasing personality & kindness while a few suffer from superior complexes as if they are averse to individualistic questions pertaining to Vodaphone connectivity .
 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
 Good response
 I had to wait for quite a long time but the associate was able to resolve my queries .
 9w
 I m very satisfied with d services u guys provide havin a great experience with ur network great job :)
 no management at all there is just a tag of store
 There was hardly any waiting time. . The executive was really helpful in explaining plans suitable for me .
 immediately one after the other .
 Too much wait time Please appreciate clint value time Wait time of 2hrs is too muvh
 No proper customer service for corporate post paid connection we just need to mail to corporatecare and need to wait till they reply us i have sent emailthrice to vodafone corporate but no response yet, i marked shakir shah to emails still did not recieve any response yet, Iam thinking to move back to myprepaid connection as i dont see better customer support for corporate postpaid connection . I called 198,111 and they said they dont have access to corporate post paid connection accounts and asked me to write an email to corporatecare@vodafone.com i dont remember the exact email address as of now . I tried visiting vodafone ministore and the staff has no idea about the corporate postpaid talk time plans . Now you tell me to whom should i consult if i haveany query or complaint or change in talk time plan if my emails are not responded ? Either i will step back and take prepaid connection or jump to airtel network with this number . I hope atleast this message will be attended by vodafone staff and considered . Regards .
 You cud decrease ur messaging rates
 Its good ..
 This survey is one of the worst . Took 14 hours to complete the "quick" questions . Reflects poorly on Vodafone .
 Good response
 Good
 Overall exp . was good
 Vodafone is a reliable and values their customers so 9 is a valid credit . As the experience in store they dint even offered a seat and the dealing was less than satisfactory .
 He was a one of the best man over there to help peoples.. . I want to score him 100 if it could be available in ur sms
 There were only a person and two who were genuinely interested in looking forward to my reason for arrival at the store . The other staff was either busygossiping with the other staff members or was busy seeing to their own interests while listening to my complaint or any other person's . The only reason why I gave an above average rating to the store is because of those few concerned people .
 The complaint raised for offer data but after multiple follwup for week finally all complaint closed without notice
 You people remain happy without helping customer and customer always remain unhappy and do not get any help from you people . What is asked is never answered . you people only try to cheat by not providing exact information . You people create artificial reason to force the customer visit your store where every employee is frustrated and act like as is they are CEO of Vodafone . I hate Vodafone employees and all telecallers sitting on online help desk . All the telecallers are well trained to fool customers they are real bunch of crooks . May God burn them all in hell . May god turn their life a living hell . May their parents *** on the day of marriage . May their child *** on the day of their birth .
 Good and prompt service and knowledgeable staff .
 It was a simple request which was executed in ease . It is the simplest issue that sometimes ppl goof up . That was not the case her . The associate knew what she had to do and how to do it .
 a customer is not made to stand for hours together in ur store for a simple query . make ur process simple and fast
 Misbihaviour of employee
 Yes sir i am very very satisfied .
 ystem in that case ? Besides, The attendant Mr. Ashok Tule was patient with my queries .
 Very good service
 As i like the procedure of vodafode store and the talking sense and way of helping the customer whether he is educated or not and the kindly working forcustomer by the associates of the store . Keep it up wonderful was my first experience at vodafone store THANK YOU
 The experience was good, but due to fight in the store, he is not sincere at that time, and every questions asked by myself, he is satisfactorily given the ans .
 very good
 No time assurance for change of plan . Executive didn't know the 3G plans not any brochures on his desk even for talk plans . Seems like they are in hurryto welcome the next customer .
 le but vodafone doesn't mean time of people.. . so please be the change service and callcenter process.. . thats y i my rate is 0 for satisfaction... .
 Initially i would have given a rating of 1. Then i had to demonstrate that i am from north america and i would like better customer service, then they were very smart to take the service to a different level .
 From past 4 months i have problems with my bills and every Time your cust executives have cheated me . So finally I have decided now to change into prepaid services
 Lovely store in india that is bangalore cunnigham road store
 You was very help full for me, thats by my sim is working . Otherwise i was frustrated that time, but u gave me a chance for happyness Thankyou voda fonei like very much vodafone
 The service require to be much faster and easier documents as requesting the same Documents does not make any sense
 Friendly and efficient staff
 Take customer response after the service attented by Vodafone store so that Vodafone gets to know wats happning .
 Comunication of store asociate was good and i like that work was complete at given time
 Fully satisfied
 Token system was fast . Customer care executive was quite helpful and understanding .
 Crisp and prompt service
 Quick and efficient
 I have not receive 3G plans from last month, I complent to customer care in November ,he told me after November means December u receive 3G plans but no3G plans is available in my number I wait 2 weeks but no response is give me so lastly I want to port my number in idea
 e to it coz time is precious for every one
 eeds a break of 10 mins with less than half at the tables ! Stood for 35mins before my turn came . At expressing annoyance as a senior citizen kept waiting
 Q 2 Service at store 10
 I am extremely unhappy and disappointed by your services . Have raised my issues several times but I don't think anyone is interested in solving my problem . I think I have only one option now to disconnect this no.as I am not getting any satisfied response .
 I like the way they responded to me . I'm happy to be a VODAFONE customer.... .
 Customer care on 198, was pathetic. . It was always a false promise. . Never got resolutions for the complaint's I made. . Like bill issue's, network issue,
 I'm just ****** of from last 3months no comment.. . Gonna change my service provider thanks
 Super
 The reason of giving 8,9 rating is due to the time I lost in waiting at the desk . Otherwise it would have been 10
 ily attended and my complaint taken .
 I'm not satisfied with the service because till now I dint get proper solution for my queries .
 Good services
 Very good
 Why ? not connecting the my call on customer care ?
 I spent 10 minutes in your store . After I was attended to, my problem got solved fast . Even my request to help me how to set the service provider was patiently explained by the only young lady at that time and was demonstrated to me . The only thing that I didn't like was that I was forced to take numbercoupon by the guard eventhough there was no other customer but two assistants to attend to .
 Very very poor service
 Vbry satisfied .
 All of your staff were helpful and carried out their job professionally- keep it up-
 Very worst support . Does not understanding customer problems
 Pls improve your online recharge site.also allow your customer to speak 198 compliment no.call not forwarding to your executive after pressing confirmation.also your online recharge is worst ever seen . It was debit my account and showing success msg . But recharge plan not opted to my number .
 10 for both . I have found the services helpful . Pratik Mukherji is very helpful and courteous . You should be proud of him . He is an asset to your organization .
 Immediate tactical adjustments.. .
 DAFONE)will fullfill that
 Can place extra person to handle sim exchange/replacement counter during morning and evening peak hours
 Good behaviour
 Executive was very helpful,nd clearly explained about frc.. .
 My comments show clearly satisfaction of service by vodapone jitinder singh
 They helped me with my problems very quickly and without hesitation .
 It was my satisfaction of having d job done
 Super
 Horrible . Vodafone provides worst service ever . Very unhelpful staff . I have raised a bill dispute since the past twenty days . No development on if yet
 recharge and 15 for sim)
 support is far excellent spcly by akshay
 I came to the store just to get a new sim . The service was prompt, but the time I had to spend was an hour in the store . Faster service is where you'll need to work upon
 your Wi Fi on . Man y customers will appreciate it . Regards.. . Dr Jayant Karbhase .
 1.voice of customer care executive is not clear
 Vodafone store is good but is not best.They do not slove the problem at one time .
 Overly congested with cacopophony, lack of near total seating arrangement,more over my case was handled by a trainee .
 Yesterday I terminated one of my number because of the poor customer service .
 I like the way u r representative help me
 Not enough info provided . Didn't have change hence paid me 2 rupees less . Scanner at location wasn't working meaning I had to make a trip back to get a photocopy .
 waiting time is too more . also the staff is not helpful
 Most unhelpful.... .
 I rate 4/10 becoz dint tel good morning and thank u;and i rate 6/10 as they r in uniform & happy looking
 The executive understood my issue quickly and resolved it asap .
 For getting my work done
 Vodafone has good coverage all over India in roaming as well . Online recharge is good feature . Webapp as well is good . Speed of net is also good .
 My job is not yet complete, get very poor feedback .
 The moment I reached at the store after maneuvering traffic for more than 45 minutes taking time off from my busy schedule I was told that micro SIM CARD is not available . I was quite sure it was available because when you ask for new one, you always get it . Very annoying . Subhash Chawla
 I hv been with Vodafone since last 12 years . When incoming call r charged but now I realised that u people r cheating me nd offing me very wrong plan ndI hv to pay 1200 for just 200 minutes of use .
 Good
 There was lot of negligence from the service providers . Small work took a lot of time . All that I did was wait wait and wait
 Polite staff
 Requests made or complaints registered through customer care or visit to your store are not attended to (not to talk of attending in time) . Very poor ser
 By
 Very Satisfied
 see the changes in my plan .
 U do not answer any questions really. . and do not explain what is best service for customer...I end up paying 5400 rupees
 00650079002000680061007600650020006E0061006E006F002000730069006D002E
 No comments till I get revert in billing
 Very good
 It was excellent
 Fast remedy decent behaviour
 When i visit your store the people sitting communicate the other thing what the company toll free people tell.i had activated rs.75 pack before going toroaming for incoming free and now they are telling i had charged rs.107 approx for incoming call at roaming,i cannot get what the hell is the problem with vodafone,before also i was charged rs.100 for downloading but i didnt do that.so can i know what is the reasons beside all this.i have 8 vodafone numbers at my home if it would go same i have to move to some other company
 Not in qu. I am like to talk with your sr . Manager
 Reasons for my rating are because I have been totally harassed by ur network . In terms of urgency ur connectivity snaps .
 Good work keep it up
 My understanding
 7 peopal
 I am not satisfied your network on my work place .
 Yea
 ts .  Can I have direct transfer in name of brothers son. .
 All the staff are helpful but the long wait to speak to someone was irritating .
 Prompt reply
 Increase the speed of 2G internet
 No.1 in network
 It will be better if my wife did not need to visit the shop to re enable the international pack
 I am not satisfied
 Excellent Service, Excellent Behavior and great knowledgebase I am completely satisfied
 d contact number on a piece of paper when i asked for his card
 Problem of network can get it only ifbend at window .in spiteo of complaint no improvement
 same usage of net n calls . No waiver is given . I will quit . I hate vodafone
 _XX_! !_XX/ /_XX_! ! _XX_! ! _XX// _XX_! ! ""_XX_! !"" _XX(" " _XX(" " _XX_! ! _XX_! ! _XX_! ! ""_XX) ""_XX) "" "" " " " " _XX_! ! _XX_! ! _XX_! ! _XX_! ! - remove 3 and 9 and see the magic
 Quite hepful,patient & cordial.Perfection will surely b attained with a lil experience.All d best !
 Gud services
 Ok
 Happy wIth the servIce
 Actual plan billed is opposite to what was offered to me by Vodafobe store mira road exccutive Mr Rahul . I find this a complete breach of trust towards loyal and old customer . Reversal promised by a senior person named Mr Rashid is not credited . Manager of vodafone store mira road refuses to speak or meet . I expect you resolve my issue at the earliest . Regards
 The Way Of Customer Handling Is Very Very Gud
 s
 The team resolved my issue promptly without any inconvenience and all my queries were answered satisfactorily . Thank you
 I got very quick service . And the behavior of the store associate's was very good . Thank for the quick response .
 alkita maredia has gave me vry gud solution and service was vry give upto my satisfaction. . Thanks alkita and vodofone. .
 Very satisfing my problem is very well understood and resolved efficiently
 The responses were quick and helpful . My issues and requests were solved immediately .
 Minimum 1 or 2 counter are vaccant . Token number idicator machine is not systematically softwared and not working properly also it is not placed at pro
 I m useing ur sevice since 2008 till now.as of now everything going great.suddenly last u send Rs6000/- aprox bill its 10times higher my average bill.Rs5000/- data consume just 3 days... . My bill circle is 10th, 11th-15th unbill amount Rs10,000/- I call ur call centre n visit voda hyper city Malad but nohelp rather they bleam me ready to sell more data pack .
 Everything in ur company is good. . Except your network.. . Poor
 Very nice experience
 As per vodfne req 2 submit documents 4 dis mob no ( I HAVE 2 WAIT NEARLY 2 HRS AT VS. ) there was 3 or 4 representatives whereas 8 counters r open
 service at the centre was just great. . it was very helpful. .
 information can't be obtained via call center .
 I am very much satisfied from your store associate . Thanx
 Customer care attended properly
 It was ok i want to activate inter national roaming for 10 days from today please guide
 Your people do not have a clue as to how to sort out problems that clients have . Please go through my case and explain to me why i have to pay 1024/- . Ihave not even been billed for this amount . There is some **** up in your system and your agent was trying to justify it . Please pay or else your line will be cut . Check my credit rating . Is there any outstanding amount against my name . This should give u a fair idea of my credit rating .
 Overcharge from last 3 months in bill
 I just need to ask about 1 small thing but because of this token system had to spend 45 mins . It will b better if u have ask me counter,that will b time saving
 Without of this i cann't get my mobile back.bcz i need that
 Liked the atmosphere and courtesy extended to me as a senior citizen .
 They are not show interest to speck with customers . I went for know about my tarrif and change of address , but i am not satisfied their ans' s.
 It was good
 Store Associates are very helpful and well behaved .
 good service
 My all queries were resolved instantly .
 Very good... .
 U charged internet withOut appling for that and yOur service have no answer for that question. .
 What i liked most was that my overall experience was hassle free . My problem was resolved within minutes and I liked the fact that the store kept facilities of Xerox n printing . I only hope I have the same experience with my billing too !
 Your store associate not responding properly as well as your customer care is very weak always busy and not satisfy the customer now we bored for yourservice and thinking for another company
 At working hours 6 counters are empty . Plz tell us what is lunch time at yr centre . 6 person out of 10 remains on lunch leave.v hv to wait for 45 to 60 minutes everytime v go . Not happy .
 4 dissatisfied
 Plan was explained well . If could improve in token system management, that would be good .
 had multiple problems with internet services . i could not figure out whether it is due to my instrument or internet services.Mr. Hitesh, who attended me,checked everything . i am impressed by his knowledge & expertise . Finally, he could spot the problem, resolved & am getting uninterrupted internet services .
 There was no fix commitment from the company. .  I am not satisfied .
 Maximum persons doing favours, not maintain properly token facility Officer INCHARGE is not so capable few executives arguing not listening his orders
 The experience with Vodafone mini store/store was horrible . The ultimate aim for all your executive is to ****** money from customer by hook or by crook .
 esolved . For further clarification please call my mobile . Thanks
 Problem should be solved hand to hand
 Nice
 I guess dats d only place whr u ppl will not b able to rob or play dirty on d name of client relationship .
 It is a small place, waiting time is very high . Not proper space for sitting . Staff was good .
 When vist in store disposle costmer not fast preves am not face delay
 We visited store on 5 th of dec to convert postpaid to prepaid connection.at that time store associate told that visit store after bill got generated that is 13 or 15th as 14 th is sunday . on 15 th visited store said that not possible.worst exp
 Thanks for all the help !
 riod they could not deliver my requirement .
 f the guy was with his friend wasting time and we were waiting unnecessarily . I saw other people also complaining for the same
 Some server problem is there on your systems . People who are managing customers that is very good
 Your care is frod with me yesterday now i gone my sim replace .
 He was very happy helpful .
 Ratting10
 I m happy with vodafone network
 Your Store Associate not interested to help me out.. . he was not showing me any good plan also.. . looks like he ws nt interested to talk n.. . at last Iwished him Thank You.. . bt he didnt respond me . Useless fellow !! !
 Because we cannot give 10 out of 1 0 we have given 9.Reason is courtacious n friendly service
 the job i asked is still not done
 Very unhappy with customer service
 Satisfied
 People out there were courteous . There was no Q jumping . The executive had adequate knowledge .
 I am satisfied with ur service.. . dats y i hv rated uh wt uh deserve....thank you
 00540061006B0069006E00670020006D007500630068002000740069006D006500200074006F00200064006900730070006F007300650020004F006600660020016500680065000A0043007500730074006F006D00650072
 Store needs further amenities like toilet, more sitting arrangrments for wait customers etc .
 Everything was perfect
 I made a complain of excess billing which was logic driven.I got a feeling that Vodafone is not receptive to complains and unable to resolve quickly
 Kind service
 Anita was the store associate for me . I took a micro sim for my I-phone 4 . She askd me to put it in my phone . I told her I didn't know how to do it .I had to tell her that twice . Then she askd me if have a pin to remove the sim I said no . Then she said she too didn't have one and asked me to put itmyself . I am 70 yrs old and I told her again " I told you I don't know how to do it, " how come the last time I was here the associate did it ?"Then shewent in and obliged me and inserted the sim . She just didn't want to go that extra mile , even tho there were not many customers in the store .
 Excelent cashier good job keep it up
 My query has not solved yet.Store assiciate has done a good job, he forwarded a complaint based on my query, but the problem is still here.Solve it as fast as you can .
 Notime .
 Very good service
 I am happy with vodafone but its costly
 Not helpul attendant very limited response to my queries need to improve on manners
 Ur sales manager even don't know how to help the customers
 I was politely welcomed by the staff and guided well to the concerned person for my issue and within short period of time the problem was solved .
 To me it was a total waste of 45 mins
 Good serviced in our ankleshwar vodafone store to customers
 I m very satisfied with harmeet
 ame there to recover my number . But u were very strict with ur rules . Good job .
 Experience good but service are too slow
 Indirapuram Vodafone main store is very far from my place i.e vaishali . I suggest you to open more vodafone stores or make some services available at vodafone mini stores which would be more beneficial .
 Gud care of customers and best offers
 Everything is good in vodafone.. . Like offers,service etc...(note by mistakenly i send 2 for the 2nd question due to key pad problem )
 Ambience and cleanliness of the store along with perfect service provided by one Mr.Naveen
 The experience was very good especially deal of Mr Harman
 Exelent person
 From 4 months asking for romaing n isd service but could not get it till now pls help
 I have very bad experience at all vodafone stores, seems your staff's are not trained properly and too arrogant
 soon as I come back; my turn is there and the process was over in 5 minutes
 s forcing me to port out
 their is no care of customers ..associate just pass their time in vodafone store.....my request is pending till know so I m going to port my number to idea .. .
 Make some arrangements for sitting as I saw senior citizen were standing and no one was bother about that and it takes a lot of time, need to spend morethan an hour or so to get the work done.customer service were not as good as we find in lot of other services .
 0059006F007500720020006100730073006F0063006900610074006500200075006E00640065007200730074006F006F00640020006D007900200072006500710075006900720065006D0065006E007400200061006E00640020007200650073006F006C00760065006400200069007400200077006900740068006F00750074002000640065006C00610079002E0020D83DDC4D0020
 good quick service
 Your service and quick response is what impressed me the most . The staffs knew exactly what I want and gave me the exact service I require
 Good response
 Thank's . At last you come know about system of working .
 I'm satisfied by your associate . They attend customers properly and give their time . Solved all my problems I'm very much happy with your service... .
 Good services I'm happy
 Everything is fine and i am totaly setisfied with your system.thank u so much. .
 There is no internet plan for postpaid . more rush . good speaking and well treating people .
 MY CURRENT PLAN TO 2G UNLIMITED(199rs.), and to credit back the balance ti nain account(251-199)
 Best service provid by ratan thanks vodafone
 YOUR EXECUTIVE SHOULD NOT COMPELL FOR PARTICULAR SCHEME FTC
 All good . Keep it going like this. .
 Ratan services like gentile rain good boy
 Executives appear listless and lack drive .
 I've updated my address and they told it will take 4 working days to get updated . Make it little faster .
 Because this is the best
 The best part is I had my issues resolved in time.. . thanks abhi
 Store can be more interactive your kiosk don't function billing issues were asked to be reported to customer care, it was missing the Vodafone touch a little else overall it was a good service and a good places store within the campus
 Good way of dealing
 There is no system in your store to one executive there is 5 customers at a time.. . No sitting arrangement for waiting customers. .
 Hodpitality and aproach was nice by the staff but cellular service is poor
 Store is very bad service
 Very obliging, lot of queries but reponded patiently, still some more queries given his no . for further assistance
 ernet conection I had opted for
 Small&craoudy
 Bad store ambience . Huge crowd no seating space . Chaos in the store . Store executives didn't hv knowledge kept referring to others for information leading to delays in service
 Dont haraz customers in d store..ur cmpany feed fr them . u people hv d value f time..try to undrstand that othrs also hv time value,  recruite wrkers .
 Store needs to have initial customer representatives to guide the process and to have enough chair to sit
 Good smiling and knowledge. . Keep it up
 The original issue was that my dongle didn't work . First visit: it turned out credit card payment had not gone through . I had not received any notification but service was blocked . I paid the bill . 2nd visit: dongle still didn't work . Tech person Ibrahim (?) convinced me that my dongle was having compatibility issues with my apple computer . It had been working in the recent past.. . He convinced me to buy a wifi device and helped me set it up . Ten minuteslater, trying to work, I realized that connectivity was patchy . I returned next morning to find solution . Ibrahim tweaked device and connectivity came back . Such an expensive and brand new device should work without having to be tweaked . Someone from Vodafone rang to discuss the matter but I was busy andthe person never rang back . 3rd visit: upon returning home device would not turn on . It was fully charged . I returned to Vodafone store . I was offeredreplacement device but only settled for reimbursement which will take 45 days . In the meantime, I'm paying for data sim that I am unable to use . Each time I visit Vodafone store a "script-idiot" phones me, unable to converse . On the last call, he asked me if I was happy with my visit . I simply answered 'no'. He promptly hung up on me ! Countless details, all of which are maddening, waste my time and leave me still without service!!!! !
 Ya . Bill rating s to high . Thts only feel verybad .
 Thank u
 A1 experience,recomendation to voda should not only be based on store but overal performance.On 2 occasions voda credited less&zero amount in internet,acomplant was & is registerd.1st was solved,2nd will be solved on 17th dec, it is a harresment & wastage of time . A2 A3 is good .
 Excellent service
 Vodaphone and executives who attend customers are very helpful
 Too long waiting at the store and the guys can't handle the querry as to why I want to port out
 No better service
 Sitting space is not enough as well staff Associated was asking customer to bring copy of license however it should be done in house as long as customercarrying original license
 I didn't get my deducted amount
 Iam unable to get my printed bill( hard copy) of bill
 Your store associate didnot . Behaive correct . He behaive very badly.. .
 i have gone in mulund vodafone store near vasant oscar, n i meet to vodafone executive sopan n rockey dis guys gave m very good respns n dey hav givn m lots of help in ma query i'll gave him 10 stars for both of his work keep it up...guys n thks vodafone
 Good
 Very helpful staff and have patience to listen with an intension to resolve the issue
 Three counters were manned out of six at 11am . No stock of micro sim . No printed tariff card for prepaid . Asked to confirm sim replacement request, why ?
 As i have been using vidafone since past 7 years ive never been disappointed and every tine i call or visit vodafone i get answered for my queries Thankyou
 there was nothing to castumar satisfaction my number was switch of for 6 days thereafter my number had in prepaid
 That was very good expirience
 Good token system . Good support from executives .
 Super
 Your store persons speaks like cage parrots they do not hear customer they try to hide false promises made by your field persons
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
 While there were many more offers available for postpaid, they never told me .
 Your store associates r very cordial & co-oprative but service care centre is slow in service e.g . Activation or dectivation of any service
 Even though the store associate attended my problems they were unable to solve it . They told it will take them 2 days to solve the problem . That's a lotof time .
 I had paid a deposit of Rs.2000 at your gallery in crntury bazar as I was travelling abroad on business from 28th oct . to 11th nov..When I asked to get my refund back yesterday at the same gallery in century I was told that I would get the refund back only when I surrender the phone ! What is going on ???! !
 Service is good .
 Vodafone rocks. . Keep up the good job. .
 The associate was most courteous and my request was quickly and decently attended Thanks
 Kyoki sahi tarike se samjhay , sahi salah di ,no . aane par salike se bulla rahe the .
 LAST 2 MONUTH MY BILL EYXCEED WITH MISLANIOUS CHARGES WHICH IS REQUFESTED BY EXECUTIVE TO REFUND BUT NO PROGRESS
 I was not taken as per preference of Vodafone red plan in the queue Other tokens were attended as well I mentioned the same to hemchandra who was at Andheri east jb nagar Vodafone store He said it was done by mistake Then the query was not attended to my satisfaction My query was not attended properly
 Me caller tune ke liye gaya tha wo kaam nahi huwa bus
 ur store . And instead taking my case on priority he told me to
 Bot acha
 The executive lady who attend my complain do her best to resolve my complain within a short time
 KIND RECEPTION PATIENT HEARING PROPER SOLUTION
 When I visited the store for siM replacement it was the great interaction with the store associate with out my wasting time he answered all the queries w
 Got service promptly
 Ok
 Vodaphone service not good and help desk man , and women not good , only misguide ..
 I like this service
 00500065006F0070006C006500200072002000680065006C007000660075006C00200061006E006400200066007200690065006E0064006C0079
 Good Network, but poor in towns/villages . Some people of yours don't know anything . Thanks .
 My work was completed within no time . attending person was wid good manners .
 Ratings are based on the service i recd . Ur executive Miss Reena had briefly described the solutions of my problems, and m satisfied by ur store services .
 Things are not going well as your papers said
 Very good service
 alking with cc i went to ur store near minto park, kolkata, but they say you have to goto ur home town midnapore from where the SIM belongs, we can't doanything otherwise change ur no and take new connection from us . After 2 days disgusting experience i have to think to stay on ur service,
 Very happy with the services .didnt had to wait long.executive was efficient to handle my querry. .
 Reception n interaction are the areas where there is room 4 improvement .
 The people at my store are always polite and helpful . However your peoplle over the phone mis led me into taking the RED which was not apt for my cell .I am totally happy with my store .
 Store stuffs are not that much professional, if they are working with Vodafone then they should have more professionalism . Environment was very good .
 Q1 - 6 bcoz the queue was long..it took 45min - 1hr even when it was afternoon...there was no charging point which i noticed few customers were missingQ2 - 7 bcoz it was a decent experience.. . Q3 - 8 bcoz ur store associate was able to help me and was not looking bored given d post lunch hour..he guidedme properly.. .
 Service representative was not prompt courteous or replying to queries
 I have got the techinical solution for my problem tht I faced n my phone .
 D J Communications is very good
 Service was simple neat n clean
 They r more interested to promote new products .
 st 1500 rs which i need to be waived off immediately
 Very nice
 I like Vodafone Services but rates are too high.arrange to Available all services at mini stores also .
 They are not wel trained people..They are not giving correct answers to the customers..Soo sit the correct people in the store
 .
 Executive provide gud servies nd he gud listnr nd gave full info nd vry helpful
 Please call me.we will discuss .
 Good
 Good
 I was asked to visit store on 15 the dec. . However store people did not resolve my query and forced me to get photo. .
 Good receiving,problem solved quickly,nice
 My problem was promptly attended and they tried to solve it
 I am very satisfiied of your executive.he is very helpfull and inteligent.i am very thank full of him .
 I have to wait for a long time but not solve my problem .
 The reason for such rating is, I have never visited Vodafone store from more than a year . Even then u send me these kind of questions .
 the intrection i had on my last visit at vodafone was very good the guy Ganesh was very polite and helpfull happy happy thanks
 So that it can be better
 My store associate was very good and pleasing the guard was also very helpful however there are no chairs for those in the waiting section and all thosewho leave do not lose their place in line which caused quite a bit of inconvenience
 Evarything was owesom
 I had been to Vodafone centre regarding my bill discrepancy on data pack assigned to my number since my card is under CUG plan had sent mail to corporateguys as well on 3 dec they confirmed I have 500mb plan at Vodafone store they informed it is 5 mb plan Vodafone people are only not sure which plan is o0 used by me but I have been charged for entire 910 with which I am irritated with and corporate service RM always assures of call back but the problem iffered to me till sept I was under 500mb plan suddenly bill of 4000 is charged to me I have consumed 910 mb and I have no problem paying for the extra 41s NOBODY CALLS WHEN USER HAS A QUERY THEY ONLY CALL FOR PROMOTION OFFERS
 Your asked for it i gave it
 Quik and fast service store woiking persons .
 I m happy to visit the store meet mr mayank resolved all queries
 Recently am visited the store regarding my sim card changed postpaid to prepaid but the store people said it takes 10 days time.. . When am talkng to thecustomer care people they said it takes only 13 hours only.. . This is reason for my dis satisfaction with your vodafone store people
 Good services
 I requested many times to change my plan finaly visited voda store
 Good and fast services
 I get no network at home since the last 15 yrs.. . so wats the point of 3g
 There is scope for improvement in kiosk and token system . The seating arrangements would be better near the entry .
 That is my assessment .
 I have confirmed all required documents from customer care before going to store to replace a sim card but store person refuse it and saying that we arenot liable for cc speakI have confirmed all required documents from customer care before going to store to replace a sim card but store person refuse it and saying that we are
 Excellent cooperation and guidance from Ms pooja, store manager .
 Good skills and customer experience
 For postpaid service of Vodafone was ridiculous as I experienced .
 System was down on Sunday . I was sent back . That is why rating was less for the first Q. Your staff was courteous and so rating was good
 There is no response from ur store
 I gonna port my number
 Staff was not good . Such a way of handling the customer is not good .
 Minor errors in the service provided . Could have done in a better way !
 Because my problem is solved within seconds . Very nice service .
 Good shilpa gaves a very good service and she speaks very friendly.. .
 The issues were attended, resolved by the stores assistant fast . It was a nice polite service, customer friendly .
 Your excutives not happy to serve . And dont misguid by false commitment at the time of new conection . please do not 'it' to any one .
 You staff of rajouri garden new delhi was rude and the store was filthy
 Very polite and prompt
 My service was suspended without prior message or intimation I was stuck up with some unwanted surrounding smwhr out n couldn't make a call to ask for he
