 No cr . Of rs.100 scratch card submitted on 1. Dec for refund . Ms. Radhika had no reply for same
 The staff is cooperative and advices the best solution for the customer
 I think vodafone will not add any extra useless charges in bill as done in other companies .
 I am very happy to see the dedication of store associates towards his work there were only 2 associates and crowd was full but the person who attended mesolved my query within a second . I am not a regular user of vodafone i used net on your network but now think that i need to switch my calling number from tata docomo to vodafone . Really great work done by your associate .
 I went to palarivattom store yesterday for a micro sim . I had ONLY my PAN CARD with me.They refused the sim . I was badly in need of a sim as i changed myfaulty phone . Also i want to travel today to kannur for some urgent matters . I have been a bpl mobile_XX/hutch_XX/vodafone customer for years . Still i didntget any privilege from the company . Now i have only one option ,to quit vodafone
 Wow good customer servive
 Ur staff is customer oriented & know their job well . Effective & Efficient . Plus d Vodafone Store atmospherics r quite comforting & u know if u go dere ur queries would be resolved But I do not like telecallls for promotional purpose as they interrupt in my work . Ur company shd send only sms, if we r interested we will take d plan .
 Unresponsible answers by the executive and no coustmer care service provided by the company
 iam realy satisfied the way your associates behaving and services of vodofone
 2 days before i visit ur store D127 connaught place and Miss Dhwani said me that she mail t senior regarding my reuest they call me but till no one callme , i have transfer from Delhi to Jaipur and i want to transfer this no to jaipur and she said it can be transfer .
 Great welcome, prompt attention and the least time taken .
 Customer's problems should be probed first and also check whether atleast the answers to the customer concerns are given atleast by the store associatesso that atleast a maximum satisfaction is given to the customer is with the answers of the store associates . Thankyou vodafone .
 I have to wait a lot for my turn b'coz of lazy staff but they treated well
 A best experence store is perfectly maintained n well experenced executives
 Fast and efficient service . Thanks Vodafone .
 Statemen which is given by the vodafone representative is good . But the vodafone policy is given to the customer is unsatisfied. . thank u
 I just port my no from airtel at Friday night my airtel no switch off I start Vodafone at Friday night but not start my card till Saturday 6 pm after 6 pm I was visit Vodafone store parla East Subhash road They have change my card and give me a another card because my first card was wrong by default mistake from parla branch manager then I take new card I call 117 for varyfication at 6.40 pm and he says me to start in 1 hour but did not star till Sunday1 pm then after I visit again at parla Vodafone but problem was not solve after 2 pm my phone was start with Vodafone so I can't give u more than 0
 Pls keep more counter to attend customer Bcos to avoid waiting .
 That was really helpful..thank u very much voda
 I liked the way the executive interacted and provided information needed.. .
 those products anyhow . You must not stop the customer . Even I was planning to buy a dongle but won't buy .
 You don't have my choice plan you dont have how to see the uses in plan like calls balance and sms balance currently or one day before you don't have this type of options
 It took me more than 40 minutes to get a sim changed . I expected better service being associated with Vodafone for so long .
 It almost took a month to get my postpaid to prepaid conversion . The store manager was not less than AN ***** who didn't even know how to talk to customers . overall, my worst experience and a nightmare .
 I changed my plan from 2G to 3G. However, speed wasn't increased for a month . Upon checking with associate, I was told that some settings needs to be inplace which I was not made aware of . This is purely an example of leaving loose ends at your end . Also, inspite of data roaming being activated, my net wasn't working when I was out of town . I am not yet made aware of the reason behind this issue .
 Happy to help is true moto
 suffering from ur ******** services
 Her behaviour war quite impressive and helpful got my problem solve. .
 Delays in activation
 The store executives were very polite . They work on a Sunday and I appreciate that . The process was smooth . Only the wait was a little long .
 I love Vodafone kammana halli store service its excellent.. .
 I was happy with the service
 Wrong info
 Good ur service very good
 the store is near to my office and getting right soln on probs . and the person is willing to give better service that i noticed.. .
 Welcoming is good . Communication and the way of receprocating with customers is good . I had my work done very quickly without any delay .
 it's been 11 months I am facing the problem of network but only at residential home . I don't wish to switch over to any other company . Pls help me in resolving the network prob .
 The whole episode was fast and very cooperative
 store . I am now gonna recommend all my know human beings to stop using Vodafone .
 i was rather more disaapointed by vodafone vodafone ***** mail and a cheator company while there is a huge difference in saying and service providing
 Not Satisfactory, No proper handling of queries . Small queries are entertained first irrespective of billing customer standing for more then an hour . Have to visit twice for resolving my issue .
 their way of dealing with me was fabulous
 no correct info from executive . regarding nano SIM exchange
 Very much helpful, guide very well, during this rush life this is precious service thanks to Vodafone and there representative
 Staff was well trained
 I would have called the call centre atleast 5 to 6 times to get changes done, but was unsuccessful, hence had to visit this store . I spent an hour there.I got what i wanted, but only after so much of efforts, which should be able to done online or on through the call centre
 People are telling me to go to this store that store .
 ASSOCIATE IS UNTRAINED AND MAY BE,DO NOT WANT TO GAVE FULL SUPPORT DUE TO HIS LAZYNESS . HE SHOULD GIVE THE FULL SUPPORT TO HIS CUSTOMER AND ALSO HAVE TOVERY CURIOUS FOR SOLVE THE QUERY . IN END, THAT WAS PATHETIC EXPERIENCE .
 Was happy with the service rep and his great attitude and answers to my queries . His name was Kunal at the South City Mall store in Kolkata
 Call me
 Very gud service l like Vodafone
 Unable to resolve my problem
 My experience at Vodafone store was very good but my experince with vodafone services is being very bad day by day .
 Executive was up to the mark in knowledge ! And was able to solve the queries !
 Ameince good . Too few people, less work area n less work stations, so waiting time is more . People attending are nice, courteous, helpful and fairly efficient.Ambience .
 my name and address already with her on the screen . She seemed to have a don't care attitude . All these reasons compelled me to think that I should think twice before visiting the store next time.The welcome greetings from the associate was not pleasant . Plus she was directing me to fill in the form which was majorly requiring her to do....She had
 Time taken was too long . Professional atmosphere lacking . & since I have 4 cards already loyalty was not recognised.. .
 am a corporate customer and am hellbound with you the day my organisation gets tied up with your competitors i will be the 1st person to leave
 You are charging more money for providing less service . This is fraud and cheating . Not loot customers money .
 First of all my sim was activated after 10 days of purchase..and all after that i have requested for the other pack and they activated another pack
 The staff were very helpfull.. .
 Good response and fast addressing by Gayatri & Vijaya Lakshmi
 Your executives have no knowledge about whats wrong with 3g connection . Next time hire trained executives...its harrowing
 005400680065002000730068006F0070002000610064007600690073006F00720020007700610073002000680065013A007000660075006C00200061006E0064002000680065006C0070006500640020006D006500200074006F00200069006E007300740061006C006C002000740068006500200069006E007400650072006E00650074000A
 You should value your customers as well as thir time too !
 Salim, the store associate who handled my requests was too good . Vodafone should be proud of him . He is an asset to Vodafone .
 Very helpful staff but vodafone lacks good data plans . All of them are very costly
 G red
 There should be all these facilities or a provision to solve queries online or on phone . A lot of precious time of ours is wasted . Give the customers some more flexibility
 I'd be appreciable if you people really revert to the raised tickets and solve it in given time and please respond to raised tickets. . I've filed many tind . So I'd like to you people respond ASAP and solve the issues
 An unsatisfued client
 I am impressed by the professional approach by the person who attended .
 All was appreciable but still my 2g is not activated .
 Store associate has nice behavior . Card payment service not available .
 I am very happy that my work was done very fast at ur store
 Waiting period too long.. . At least have provisions for sitting etc . specially for old people
 Person who has attended was very cordial and fast in his work . Keep it up this good work . Regards .
 My sim card was damaged for no fault of mine but i had to pay to get it replaced . Staff was nonchalant at best about the poor experience that i had received . International brand with a very poor service . Real shame .
 We need more vodafone store in the city
 Everything how fast service you give that's achieved
 They know the need of the customer, I really appreciate customer service of Vodafone store .
 Excellent service . Glad !
 Way of handling is perfect this time.m satisfied the way I got d solution
 When I went to your store in Hiranandani I got a token . The number was 196. I had to wait 45 mins and then another guy entered . He got token number 197.After 2 minutes his number was called first and I had to wait another 5 mins for my number to be called . This annoyed me . This is the only complain I have .
 Based on experience .
 Your customer dealing is very poor.you did not listen the customer,only telling they are helpless .
 The waiting time was too long and people jumping turns at paying desk .
 Very good service
 No way to know what token number is currently handled the floor executive is busy chtting instead of providing information
 The personal experience that I got at the store on the sunday morning is the reason No cause for complaint
 My services were not activated after 2 visits to the store and 4 calls to 111. I was just told again and again to wait for 2 hours . I also wanted to activate a RED Plan and was denied all the times saying I have to wait for 3 months when I have this Vodafone number for last 7 years ! Very bad service andwhy is Vodafone advertising so much when they don't give the plan
 The ratings are about the executive who rendered help.The comments are about ill managed office/outlet and disregard about the convenience and needs of dvisiting customers..tnx
 Very courteous and prompt service
 3G Network 2G ki speed my bhi nahi chal raha hai
 Your associate Deepika was very soft spoken and helpful
 Staff is so helpfull
 It took smetime to be attended . Could hve been much faster .
 If you would like to make money on my CUG group charges . It should be free in CUG Group but you are charging on it since last 1 and half year . I have mailed 20 to 25 times but there is NO ACTION from you or YOUR people . What you expect 10 out of 10 rating from me ?
 I requested for itemised copy of my own bill which they refused...even refused to mail me the soft copy right away
 I m happy with the intraction but my request is not yet resolved .
 you as I don't have else . You would have been penalised in consumer court . So grow up and do your business with honesty and integrity
 Vodafone is not giving the right Services .
 Good response from the vf employees in the store where I visited. . And he could understand my request and acceped immediately
 There is a lack of knowledge about the services in the staff. . One person is saying something and other is saying some other thing . Lack of communicationis there..There is a lack of knowledge about the services in the staff. . One person is saying something and other is saying some other thing . Lack of communication
 I would appreciate your company work . In terms of providing quality, fast, and costumer satisfactory service . Thank you .
 My grienvances regarding non-working of MMS is not redressed so far.. .
 It took us 2 hrs to get nano SIM for existing Vodafone number at your thane gokhle rd thane store
 K
 Call me back
 Initially I had gone to next shop Airtel Now I could feel the difference
 Reason is - Your staff Mr. Girish is an excellent resource .
 Amazing experience with happy to help vodafone staff named Chandan at vodafone at kammanahalli, Bengaluru.
 The customer service desks are only 4 and it takes almost half an hour or more till we get our chance for the inquiry . Secondly the people are helpful but not clear about the documents which has to be submitted and therefore it takes another hour and half to wait for the second chance . So to get anythingdone at the Vodafone store takes half of your day which should be the case because time is more precious than money today and therefore you guys should understand . Lastly I would want the number of my assigned relationship manager . Hope this feedback helps revise the way of services being provided at yourstore .
 My plan has been changed without my permission from 399 to 899 now i want my 399 plan back . All ur customer service executives says different thing and due to this m suffering a lot and going to discontinue this no....Dont send me these ques . Again n agin when u dont have to look into the matter
 I had to wait almost for an hour only to be told that my document requires a company stamp . This is not my first bad experience . I had a very bad experience with another no 9920683896 whih I closed coz of bad service and got abusive calls from your collectors inspite of having instructed to close the connection
 Overall good experience
 Keep it up
 Please train store associats better
 even if they missed their token . Not good business .
 .i am waiting for 3 Months to change to good network.i will post this in my social network also .
 good
 Services are not as per commitment . Getting 2G speed but paying 3G charges . Extra billing of data uses .
 I was chstged excess in this bill . I am waiting for reversal . No response .
 Jst 2 replace sim for a new 1 First gallery guys ask for 25 rs for new after that when i was collecting my sim still u guys ask for min recharge of 10.I hv a demo y should do i recharge from gallery .
 Nice
 Because u people simply deny this is not in our hand it is back office work
 Was treated very respectfully and my job was done quickly without any hassels .
 Sorry to say but the fact is executive are inexperience, waited for long and then I went away .
 I wanted to know why rental 325 instead of 250 and from where call charges 126 has come , have not done any paid download .
 Helping natur is gud nd all executive's move frndly.. .
 to be promoted
 My duplicate sim got activated within the time limit provided by the customer care at the showroom and his behavioral conduct was good .
 The reprentative was very coopretive and helpful
 Staff of vodafone ghodasar shop are very co - operative and helping so I am ao impressed
 Vodafone service is too good than othera . Thanks voda .
 Excellent customer service and support
 Good service . But avoid handling multiple customers at a time . Rest all good .
 Satisfied
 To get a microsim issued, I had to visit your Kalyani Nagar store 3 times and I still didn'd get it there . Finally I lost patience and went to the VimanNagar store and got the work done that Took 15 mins I'm total . Kalyani Nagar store Sucks!!!!! !
 Over all it was good experience . Keep it up . Shrikant
 Staffs are not active I have visited twice for same problem no follow up and waste of time and long queue they are not responding properly and busy with their own work my complains not solved for fifteen days and escaping nature enough lastly I may change your service
 I personally visit store 3/4 times due to some problems in my sim and some others . On each visit your associate listen me carefully and helped me in ever
 I felt like its a government company even they are far better..No body ready to listen even if you shout.. . I am 14 year old customer of vodafone but i am very disappointed with service. . Its good to have less store and better service instead of having mulitple store and poor service.. .
 onnection has not been activated .
 I was satisfied ok
 That attendant girl told me my net tariff will change with in 1 hr now 24 hr has been passed bt it is same..there were some billing problem she said it will be clear bt I CD nt get any info from Vodaphone regarding my complain. . she gave me wrong registration no..so kindly I need call from ur center to solve my problem. . I gave a call 198 they said go to nearest Voda center..bt that girl made me fool..I HV 3 vodaphone family packages. . Kindly give me call. .
 Quick response, friendly towards customers, book and calm experience.. .
 I have had the worst experience with your postpaid services . Your postpaid plans are just a trap for customers . The services are unsatisfactory, executives are uncooperative and you won't let us move back to prepaid, so the only option left with the customer is to quit your services and move to another provider .
 I asked that my call is getting connected to 111 instead of 198  When I am dialing 198 and I am not getting connected to customer care executive . ..
 They solved my problem as quickly as possible
 Good
 Store associate attend me properly she forward my request also but from company side its very bad service my 3g plan still not activated
 I am not hapy with the service that is provided me at voda store i just want the person sitting there give equal ans one is saying something and one is say something it means they dont know what they are doing 1 st day they said something and 2 nd day something and its in lajpat nagar new delhi
 I didn't knew that my requirement will fulfill in fraction of minutes, it took hardly 3 minutes to complete my requirements, Thanks to Vodafone and therepresentatives Thanks to all.. .
 I did not get my money back
 Service was excellent . Customer service executive was very helpful .
 We got prompt service when we enter the store
 Vodaphone services are very poor and your staff is not helping .
 For 2 minutes work I was kept waiting for 90 minutes
 I got satisfied with d service of Vodafone store
 I have face lot of problem regarding 3g dongle net work , finally my problem not sorted out , & finally I left the connection .
 Very very dissatisfy & 0 rating
 Promt Ness to attend and offer solutions . ..
 When i asked your representative for changing the plan from postpaid to prepaid, he told me it is not possible now you come on 1st jan . Then i told him idont have time to come . Then i asked him i will port to other service provider . He said ok .
 Problem has been solved by ur executive fantastic and way to present is very good and he deal me in very well manner
 Out of 7 counters only 4 were manned it delayed service
 For 2 minutes work I was kept waiting for 90 minutes
 Avery bisness field is Competetion also men every time is alart is very impotent also mobile is very importent one custemer any problem inform also quickly problem salu madbeku.k
 Gud cooperation by your office staff .
 First i would like to draw your attention to one of the major problems in your employer they have no trust beetween them . And they dont know the information properly for example i went ur office yesterday because of purchase a new vodafone 3g dongle.one person said company do not provide dongle only and another person said company provide dongle without sim card . So they took lot of time to discuss that topic .
 Your 3G internet speed is limited to your TV ad . Wast of time watching the snake at the centre of screen . If u go with problem with prepaid plan they advise postpaid plan and visa versa .
 The store associate was not at all confident in his approach of helping the customer . He seemed hardly knows anything regarding the network functioning and infact I had to tell him the probable solution for the problem I was facing;not able to browse . However . he seemed not to be bothered about helping the customers .
 All the emp is very helpfull of store bareli
 Sincerity&support With Smile
 The crew wasnt good at english . They had little or no idea about the product. The whole place was mismanaged to say the least .
 Becoze ur service is excellent
 I m not satisfied with ur services if it is not resolved I would like to change operator soon
 Not at all happy with ur servces or store,went to convert into prepaid and they spoke very rude,even fought with me.please understand convert my number to prepaid.dont want to use postpaid anymore.pls undrstand pls
 Call me
 Frist You have send me a fake bill Then the associate in the store are giving that type of reasons which are not understandable by a common man that iswhy I m totally disappointed with Vodafone
 It was really bad there was an care taker named umesh he dont knoe how to talk with their customer nd he too said me that kind of fight he wnt there with me
 No 10 coz no instruction at d store that those purchasing recharge need not take coupon . Or at least its not visible....nor any1 tell u that at entrance
 Store associates are co-operative and the atmosphere at the store is very nice!! !
 I'm truely satisfied by ur service 'n behaveour .
 Coz Vodafone is the best in all ways
 I M Totaly Satisfied But Plz Don't Ignore the customer .
 calls, which I know is baseless .
 The Service was very helpful.. . the purpose was served
 Store associate was not professional . Her focus was not customer oriented .
 1). Quick closure in terms of time . 2). understanding customer . 3). approaching executive /store
 Exicilent expirience
 The vodafone associate was really helpful The experience was really good I will recommend the same to my colleagues
 Service was good but the interaction with the store owner was not satisfiable
 As per actual
 Need better Network
 Good service.. .
 3g rates should decrease
 Need improvement for CSA, And no vodafone handsets in live demo stande .
 U have to responde quickly on customers request and complaints . And do fare work
 I went to the store to change my postpaid plan . They asked me to come on monday . They could have told that they will change the plan . Why do they want meto go again and remind them about it ?
 No detailed info from the person at the Vodafone center.. . Very disappointed .. . My problem not sloved.. .
 Good inter action. . Well response. .
 Issue resolved and suggested solution .
 Because your network coverage
 Very nice&best
 The officer attending me was very clear on the subject what was my requirement . As assured by him my request was processed in 2 hrs . Thank you Vodafone
 I almost wait for one hour . But their no one attend and when my token number about to come they call someone else as the name of priority customer . I dont understand how could they decide whom is priority the person who wait for one hour or the known person just arrived on the store . It is disgusting service i could ever expect .
 Vodafone means Awesome connection Connecting people
 Very poor services . Repetatitve billing issues and executives are willing to fight despite excepting mistake from Vodafone
 Your executive was very helpful and in no time he processed my request and i was very impressed . hope we will same type if service in future as well .
 Excelent service provided
 Experience is good with executive . Bu billing section is bit slow .
 Before vadafone pepole doing anyting inform customer ,sir v doing to ur number,
 excellent service .. . answered my questions in a pleasing manner
 Quick response , easily understand my problem
 Great infrastructure,good customer service,I got what I needed so I'm happy with Vodafone service
 Its good keep it up good work
 I got all my informations required,which i sought for .
 Need to focus on responsiveness, and back office support .
 Bad service
 Services are good,
 Iam comfortable with ur service and provide us such more comfort stores through our city which will gve us convient 4r us . Thank u 4r your comfortable service providing us .
 Our Mates in your Show room are kind to me... . all are doing well.. . It make
 Ur service is disgusting ppl in the store kept me waiting for one hour seriously 1 hour . My questions were not ans even after waiting staff is disrespectful I mean I can keep on writing but nothing's gonna happen **** off
 My outgoing is blocked despite making payment . Initially i was informed that payment due is 1285 i made the payment then was messaged that the payment due is 3300 i made the payment again and still my outgoing is blocked . I can not even call vodafone care toll free number . Pathetic service .
 10 out of 10
 Your senior executives need to learn to be polite to the customers and try and understand their situation rather then being sarcastic and robotic .
 dal officer
 Too many people, long wait, disorganized
 Customer associates were really helpful .
 Wow service
 Understand problem & respond quickly
 I m fed up of Vodafone network problem . Online Customer care is of no use . Getting connected to Customer Care Executive over phone is as good as impossible .
 Store Associate has nothing to comment on the statement sent against the plan change request made on 27th Nov.If the company doesnot confirm the status of the request made,how can a consumer like me can understand the actual scenario . Kindly change my plan at the earliest .
 I have to stand in que for more thn hour n after that also when turns come ..I didn't get satisfactory answer. .
 Good
 It took 10 days to activate my number . I was on tour in another state . When I called 117, I was misguided several times . Executives needs to be trained properly before interacting with customers .
 Over all good experience with entering in the store good experience
 Now its OK no prob .
 time is valuable, not feasible to visit galary every month .
 then i lost my control and when i shouted then suddenly staff looked into my problenm and sorted it out . I really had very bad experience,kindly improve.alks . Some seats are missing not because the staff is absent but they move in back office ( Resting area), I wait for almost 1/2 Hour seeing all this andive . There is no que system,customer coming late is attended first, token system is made but it is not followed . The situation what i saw was- The staffVodaphone is good but the staff and the working system made by staff at showroom is very bad . First of all the staff is very non helpful and non cooperat
 I am totally not happy with vodofone services
 Your staff did pretty good work, so the rating
 Token no . should showing on display . Seating arrangement for waiting customer is not satisfactory .
 Very nice
 I'm PROUD TO BE VODAFONE custmer
 The staff at the udaipur main store were not courteous and not knowledgeable of the basic terms & condns of a post paid connection ive been dissatisfiedwith the billing cycles and deficient service of vodafone
 Vodafone has stopped caring for customers, not happy to help
 Mr.Sachln,your Vodafone employee dealt with me amiably .
 Very worest network.some loctation singel poll signel also availabel .
 People in the store are not able to help me ... . I have a dispute over the bill ..from 1 complete month ...they are making me run around and the bill is
 They treated me well and they makes me f|ol
 No suggestions
 Level of Service delivered by the Executivem
 Indane gas bill in my name is accepted , please accept gas bill as address proof .
 Sir,your vodafone store staff was not very much efficiant except the person I intracted, I forgot his name,but he is exllent,best,he took my request forpost to pre paid within short period, but madam Sonal,mr.swpnil is not co operative,when my token 121 was unounced on swpnil conter B ,he shut down computer & goes way,they are so many customer,but less conters, conter no . B(Swapnil)& C are very slow,they took 30minutes for each customer, only person whoregisted my request was exllent . Thank- Gaikwad
 Hope for more better service from any Vodafone store
 Why is 3g not cmng ?
 I had to wait for about twenty minutes for my turn to come
 Only after i interrected with mr.mantesh can i say it was around 6/7
 Good
 Staff are irresponsible
 Wow
 Doing good service . Keep it up . Best wishes !
 The staff are very helpful specially Hemanth
 It was good experience .
 Use all the resources in your store. . Most of the counter remain empty creating a floor traffic in the store .
 Attn shd b given to elderly curstomers with proper seating arrangement and quicker service
 Reg address change: What does Notary has to do with my address change ? If paid bribe a fake address can also be created . Rather Just a rent agreement should do or even self attestation or even automated process over phone itself . Nonsense rules of yours is not fair .
 Okey :) , but , v are suppose to stnd n wait fo a long time in q for our turn, so it ll b gud if u just do somthing fo it.. . :)
 Waiting time is very high, after service associates handles the customer, cash counter staff is very slow . Need much improvements in process .
 Satisfied
 exdcutive at priority help desk was fast . he explained things very efficiently
 I discontinue one of the fnf service at your Karol bhag metro station . your staff told me that they deactivate this service bit it was not deactivated till yesterday and I am not aware of that till yesterday finally I let know that its activate from last time I visited your store and I again your staff deactivated in front of me and I paying its bill fromm last 5 or 6 month kindly tell me what I do because I didn't use the service yet I am paying amount of fnf service just because of trusting from last time .
 Immensely pleased with the attitude of shoppe's
 Happy to help. . .
 Quick work with no hassels
 The service is good but the queues are too long
 Hello vodafone, I had visited yesterday at your sector 18, Noida vodafone store.. . There was a employee name Mr. Saleem, who Was very rude in nature . Hisbehavior was so poor and provided me insufficient information . He was the main reason of my losses and my opinion towards your company . I have decided to leave vodafone and opt for Airtel now . Because I m not expecting this type of behavior from anyone although I have do minimum visits at vodafone store.I m very-very upset with vodafone . If you take any strong action to your employee Mr. Saleem, I'll keep my loyalty with vodafone . Its my commitment . Thank you vodafone .
 Frequent call drop . Poor signal strength . Front office executives are not well trained . They don't have information or they don't know how to access . Depend on the Manager for every direction or order .
 Young Chetan knew his job well . Moreover he was very courtrous .
 Have visited 3 counter with complain, every one saying you have to go here and there, so one persons should be there to update customer to whom to contact
 Your service is ok
 When my reliance will activate
 Response from your people is very poor . This is true starting from your goa region head . So one cannot expect much from subordinates . I being a customerof your company from the days it was BPL mobile am seeing a very rapid degradation in the quality of your service . Seriously thinking of changing over tosome other service provider (though with a heavy heart)
 Gud service
 me in paying 3500rs and then when i paid it they told me they are facing technical issue and asked me to come back on monday . My 3hrs are completely wasted at your store .
 Good service . Issue resolved .
 Too much waiting
 I got my second number also in vodafone
 My quarry regarding msg showing as Roaming warning is not resolve as program by your executive
 aoply for 3G con.two time yesterday , but till now its no conct
 The girl was amazing nd beautiful to
 In my vodafone sim always difault amount coming so u check and solve my problems please
 1.System is good - taking tokens&attending to the issues as already Executive is aware of the need.But,executives has to be advised to disburse as early
 Your executive at vodaphone store at Gondia use to mislead the customers
 Very good
 I am well satisfied
 did not recievd any help from service executive
 Overall good experience
 Associates are not able to provide the solution of problem . The resolution is of temporary basis
 Store associate is not helpful
 The waiting time was more than hour for a simple two minute job
 You need to have a user friendly system or process in place . i am my suffering to change my post paid to pre paid
 Nice to talk to the agent she explain the thing very well and she was polite and kind to speak with the customer
 Actually I went for number portability from post-paid to prepaid. . But they are saying, for last few months the online services are **** slow. . So U comeafter 2 months!! ! So finally I'm saying is please rectify the online services problems . Bye .
 Store has 8 assistant seats but only 3 to 4 persons were available to attend the customers . Wait time for every visit is more than expected
 Very supportive
 It was not that good..until i have raised the complaint my number was then activated but i am happy with your online chat help . :)
 Vodafone is like a donkey
 From past 1 month I had been register a complaint about network problem but no response yet . And secondly yesterday when I was visit to store to make mypostpaid plan to prepaid that Person talk with me like he don't have skill to convence the . Costumer
 e not got before from any other operators
 Tokens were given but the sequence was not followed . No 139 was entertained before 131. The executive on the counter could not at all understand my problem . He himself said that he had no solution for it . It was the executive on the counter besides who tried to solve my difficulty after 2 hours . Executiveon the first counter even said that you can disconnect Vodafone and opt for other service provider .
 The store associate's behavior was good but to another customer he started fighting . But his behavior should have been equally good to all the customers .
 Excellent interaction and attention i got
 It was good and very helpful staff. .
 Every thing good except long wait for turn
 I have decided to port out to Airtel by next Tuesday due to account change to individual from enterprise, unnecessary high charges in October and November and ti bad network connectivity
 I have requested for 3G connection to my mobile, they said another 2 hrs it will happen, now almost 24 hrs getting over still nothing happened . I'm plann
 Better than average handling of a customer - to the point answers of queries and not beyond is what I expect
 My work did take less than 10 mins
 Good experience
 Good interaction and good service
 They were ready and able to hear the problem and understand it .
 Very well and good servis
 4 yr issue not yet resolved . Store not taking responsible . Store people saying they not responsible for actions only information can be provided . What use of stores
 It ws pathetic
 Your associate Snigdha doesnt know how to talk with customers.she doesn't appreciate customer guidance.she is very stubborn and extremely rude and aggressive .
 Interaction was good, associate is trained professional and good at his work but my issue was not resolved due to some company policies I guess..not satisfied! !
 Your store boys are good service mind and co-operative
 Your service is good in store . They helped me what I asked them . So I satisfied for that..thank you Vodafone
 Crowd not controlled properly and sometimes gets chaotic
 It was an awesome experiance to visit a vodafone store . Customer representative solved all the problem, with very respectively
 service is very gud
 i am not satisfidd fimor vodafone
 Q3 of 4: 9
 Very good service .
 exhaustive waiting time . Slow process
 Amhi murkh ahot ka ? Sarkhe sarkhe binkami paise cut karta
 Breach of ethical business
 Your red offer is a pure bait and switch attempt . Vodafone is going to tell me what plan to choose ? No . Leave the choice to me .
 I was happy with the over all look and esply the location of the store . Mr. Harleen is always very helpful and the lady whom I sat with did explain me well about the international roaming . But the processing time was too long though I gave her documents that very day . I already told her that I will betravelling from 8 dec night and then also I got a text that my roaming will be processed from ninth . The Vodafone charge too much for international roaming and its data usage charges are too much .
 Good communication between the user, telling a valid answer to user , overall experience is good .
 Nice service and response good attitude of employee very supportive
 The person (Shoib) who started dealing about my problem was awfully ignorant and I wanted to surrender my number 9899590938. Then Loknath explained and salvaged the day for you . Loknath was excellent indeed .
 rs about new blackberry 10 OS plans in advance .
 Always get fantastic approaches
 Store associate is attending multi customer at a time & unable to solve my query
 Good but should improve the quality of customer service
 After taking token and waiting for 40 mins, it was a bit unnerving to see the executive, even while attending to us, takes another customer out of queue,
 Behaviour of executive Mr. Jitendra a is very nice, he provided me prompt reply of all queries and solved my all problems immediately .
 pl stop pestering.What do U want me to say for being satisfied ? One visit and u' have been bombarding me with Qs at un earthly hrs.No more .
 ad to visit nearby ATM to wdraw cash n mk pmnt ...whole exercise cmpltd @5.15
 Everything is alright except the server or the network.....don't know how to name it.... . It takes time for transactions... .
 Bad service
 I had visited your customer care service twice nd both time i had good experience so my ratings is this
 It's superb
 Very good Undarstand
 Your executives were really helpful n helped me quickly without wasting my time .
 Dissatisfied with Vodafone & reply of staff of my questions .
 They were more interested in gossiping among themselves than attending to customers . Complaints to the supervisor improves only temp the service.lower ru
 M very happy with the ashish services he is very nice person also
 Absolutely non cooperative and system bounded experience
 1) there was a long que for payments & etc so i requested them to arrange a extra person and they got irritated 2) for me they purposely entered wrong sim nu & becasue of this i hv to visit the store again .
 3 hrs waiting with thousands of mosquitoes and rude staff with almost no knowledge as to how to deal with my problem
 I asked for a sim replacement which the store associate helped me with but in the replacement I asked for a sim that can be used as standard as well as anano sim . Which I did not get
 Staff in the store is very co-operative, understanding and very quick to resolve the queries also . Thanks to the store manager also .
 Very gud nd quick service. .
 Your store executive understood exactly the requirement needed for our visit and helped in achieving the same .
 Your service in the matter of delivering bills is the worst I have ever seen, If it continues then I have to rethink about my new post paid connections .
 Over all good
 I have purchase three new number and settle one bill outstanding rep support us with full risponse they change our billing plan for future to get max call and net on low rate thanks
 Was visited vodafone stote they provide me total solution
 Ur internet z good but is very costly
 In 24 hours, after visiting thrice in a day to vodafone store problem was not resolved . And still facing the same problem .
 Vodafone is telecom is the best option great
 I was given a data plan and then it was not activated . Got to know today that the plan doesnt exist . And i have been charged for data at 10p/kb . Ridiculous . And painful .
 Associate showed good courtesy and confirmed that my promo plan were activated so I need not worry regarding unbillled amount since same will be discounted when final bill is generated . But would have been nice if I could know the as on date bill amount . Over all experience was nice . But needs more informative .
 Queue was long the staff was unaware of latest numbers in queue my number came nearly after 45 minutes and some people were served out of queue
 Happy with vodafone
 Store associates were not paying attention to the facts I was providing instead were using their ******** while I was talking to them .
 Software engineer should be available to solve small problems of hand set
 Already given in answer 2. Instal scanner in store and do not demand photocopies when the same stood already submitted at the time of getting connection.FREE SMS MAY BE REDUCED BUT THE SAME SHOULD BE FREE TO ALL NETWORKS.
 Not satisfied with your customer relationship myself gave request to deactivate sim but after 3 months bill been generated in such case sim been not usedfor the above period and later checked from nearest store that request had been forgot . For your information sim been using for 4 to 5 years this s theresponse given to ur valued customers and myself been planned to switch to airtel from dec 21 because of ur poor relationship .
 I have been associated with vodafone since 11 yrs and still not treated as priorty customer . For cocp to coip transfer,i had followed up contineously more than three and it was very frustrating experience . I have given 8 point to vodafone store not for vodafone company . Company must look upon the corporate user relationship which i experinced very bad .
 It was amazing to see the way they were handling 3-4 different customers , all with different problems with such ease that everybody was going fully satisfied .
 Too much wait time and rude staff
 Very poorly trained personnel at koramangala store...so had to visit hsr store - where it was all good! !
 Ur Associates specially Mr Harpraveen and Ms Saba wr very Polite and Cooperative .
 Totally satisfied with full cooperation
 1)Vodafone misplaced my chq which I deposited in Vodafone drop box on 27 nov 2) spoke to customer care on 4dec Vodafone was supposed to reply and get bk4)had sent my guy with cash to deposit after that . He reached Vodafone JMD Gurgaon store at 10am . He deposited the cash in the box . Store was open but hto me which they did not 3) hv been a user for 15 years with very smooth payment . Inspite of that even after talking to Vodafone my called were barredk with me for 1 min in the phone but he was refused . 6) later I spoke to customer care again on 6th and again they were supposed to get back to me bute was told that no one will speak to him till 10.30 5) he is a housekeeper and he was carrying our other phone and he requested to counter person to speastill got no call from Vodafone 7) network of Vodafone is very poor 8) customer care is very poor ) 9) want to leave Vodafone and join airtel because airtel network is much much better .
 Nothing much
 Store is under construction .
 Very much satisfied with service ambience .
 Store associate we interacted with helped us straight away and was very polite while interacting with us . We rate him 10/10.
 Your all store employee are give me wrong information .
 Vile parle east store gave me a prepaid number instead of postpaid number .
 Nohitchk up so far
 They are escalating the problem . I am not satisfy with their service
 Experience was quite better but all the counters over there were not started at 10.30am even though the starting time is 10am
 very bad experience with the service
 I met Mr Naveen Sharma at your store . He was very polite & caring towards me . He solved all my queries & problem with full concentration .
 The staff was very helpful, patient n cooperative . Willing to sort out my problem . They were polite as well .
 3 G service provided by you in Bangalore is very poor, I've hardly received 3g quality.had to downgrade my package .
 Long waiting turns, Extra- Repeated Paper works, Less Sitting space, hidden charges, slow processing etc .
 First of all your associates doesn't have proper knowledge . All they is this is what we learned in our training . They are unable to provide solution or they give wrong solution . Sometimes there are conflicts between the information provided by Vodafone store and customer care at 198. At the end all I can say is they irritates you like hell .
 Your store is always overcrowded One out of three desk is always without executive Your company had lunched such schemes that my bill amount had increased by rs 300 per month You have started charging late fees though knowing the fact that I am using your services since last 15 years and I am regularly paying bills Further your company don't offer any discount on early payment/ advance payment Further I have observed that I am not getting proper signal even at city arias Further forget 3G I am not even getting proper 2g speed at places like Gujarat high court and at various places at ahmedabad and gandhinagar And lastly I feel that your company had put the customer on last priority And that why visit to your store at least takes 30- 40 mnts if one wants to meet executive Hope this will satisfy your questions And I this regard now I don't want any conversation For above stated reasons I am seriously thinking of changing service provider Padmraj jadeja
 I cant comment on msg .
 I was not satisfied by the service provided to me .
 Good
 The store opens on 10:20 which made me un-happy . The boy who was there told me that some persons comes late so they start on 10:20 I asked him why he saydaily this is time . Improve this please .
 When ever I go for any query had to wait for long hours to get my turn.. . Personnel taking care of the customers are always talking with each other and ******* time like anything
 came after me got their chance first . By asking i came to know that it depends on the priority of the vodafone number(old customer) .
 Internet not yet activated despite subscribing to pack yesterday
 Superb
 004900740027007300200074006F002000740068006500200070006F0069006E007400200061006E00640020006600610073007400200073006F006C007500740069006F006E0020006F00660020006D0079002000700072006F0062006C0065006D002ED83DDE0A
 Store agent is very smart
 I was attended immediately .. . store associate was polite .. listened the problem carefully n solved it immediately .
 ill the speed is very bad.. . please help.. . enable 3G speed
 Yr some employees not showing interest in clarifying some douts,otherwise over all situation is good .
 Quick resolution
 Customer service desks in the store 12 nos., adequately provided,but to attend customers man power shortage is there.To be taken care . Rest . O.K.Thks,
 Very efficient and helpful associate named Dinesh
 hence i feel vodafone must improve their network ! PR@$@_XX_! !_XX/_XX_! !_XX/_XX_! !
 Vodafone staff is not at all willing to help....they just wanna pass the buck and get rid of customers asap without solving their problems
 Good staf . Proper information&helpful
 Nice ambience, courteous staff .
 Solution should be more clear to customer questions .
 Very good service
 Good..recieveing..good product explaining. .
 good experience
 ook this matter seriously as one point I was thinking to go for other service providers via portability . Thanks
 Good good happy to help customer satisfaction :-D :-D :-D :-D
 Disgusting , disappointing & unprofessional staff .
 uickly resolved my issue without wasting much time .
 As I requested to start internet DATA plan with store executive, and she tells me only two plans . I'D told her to activate 155 Rs data plan, but till ontime I am not getting any response from Vodafone .
 They were very polite not only with us but with other customers also and ready to help even if it was beyond their control .
 Very good services
 Call to the coustomer care told me that omly rs 25 will be charged but i was charged with 100 without knowing any solid reason . 24hr help is written on store but they refused to help me at 7:20pm
 Knowing fully well you have activated Rs179 net service in my BlackBerry set ,which I can't operate . Your concern has deprived me from net service .It is highly unethical .
 Yr supervisor mr kamal was neithert coorrdial
 Very good response given by the store people
 No representative in naraina store help the customer to solve queries they behave rudely when ever we go there they make excuses that server is not working specially girls representatives because they don't want to work! ! Other Vodafone store is good but NARAINA STORE REPRESENTATIVES ARE!!!! !
 No waiting . Clean office .proper reply and inform about new plans by staff
 The Vodadobe store was unwelcoming and dull...The store assosiate just did the job okay.When I went to the center counter for my new sim the person incharge was extramly unprofessional.. . Threw my sim on the table as though i was begging the same from him.. . Very bad xperiance.. . Miss when voda used to behutch... . Customer service used to be top notch . So much for an international brand . My replacment sim activation takes 2 days instead of 2 Hours .
 y person on each window was 40minutes . Also i was able to see people taken at window without having queue numbers by them . This was DISGUSTING.
 i didn't get increased my credit limit please do it fo meee ...or else its dificult mee to handle my claints plz do the need full.. .
 my humble request to Vodafone communication please put their towers at bhavarkuan area
 Store people discriminate and favour the local people, whereas the outsiders and their needs are meted with indifference .
 Very poor listening skills and product knowledge of associates. .
 Your store associate has weak spoken skills and i am new to north india . So being from kerela had quite difficulties in conversation .
 Very satisfied
 One of the best store I had ever visited. . store s very clean and neat ..associates are very helpfull to clear our doubts .. and der hospitality and interaction with customer s very much appreciated
 I recommend voda phone because of good coverage . About service experience
 I hate wasting time and my responses were made on the basis of time spent in th Apple Store .
 1. When ever I fill up data plan I must get a message notifying the date of expiry . 2. Your people who handle 198 should be more polite and attentive towards the customer's greivances . The person I talked to was in a hurry to end our conversation
 Servise is very fast in a proper way . Whatever I need, I get it from store.. .
 The way the associate interacted and received was good . Although the services explained by him were satisfactory .
 Waiting time in store was high .
 Great
 I take Vodafone postpaid connection only for internet propose ..speed is not so good that I can surf a site.so I request for 3g many time but no one listen...many complaint I register with Vodafone live chat..but nothing happend...I visiit store to migrate my postpaid connection to prepaid .bt they refusing to do this ...I don't want any type of Vodafone connection .
 Satisfied
 using this number since 2008. This time I am having so bitter experience , I am thinking to port my number to other service . Thank you .
 Great experience
 O k , thnk u dear .
 Somewhere come across connectivity /coverage issues .
 Not working computer for plan changed  No any system for followup For customer  Not seating arrange   Staff involved in personal contact work
 Overall improve your billing and customer services
 r court against vodafone . I will also to tell everyone with the help of social networking sites like watsup and ******** that Vodafone service is uselesst Vodafone gets ready to settle that amount . Now I am going to convert all postpaid numbers into prepaid . And also I m going log a complaint into consumeay she was talking with me like I am a peon . It has been observed that Vodafone does charge some extra amount in postpaid bill and post customer complainho address customer queries they don't know even how to talk with the customers . Rishu is very unprofessional girl and her behavior was very rough . The wCustomer service in kalyan Vodafone center is very pathetic . I have personal experience . Kalyan Vodafone staff especially manager Mr. Santosh and Rishu w
 I was waiting for my turn, one executive came to me . I told her that I want to replace my SIM she immediately helped me & gave me new sim .
 Excellent
 Your personnel are totally raw . They do not know their jobs well, take time to reply, give insufficient reply, do not care for the customer even if the customer shows annoyance .
 Poor network and after repeated complaints no action has been taken
 Pls hire some experience & responsible employees who understand the value of others
 Dont solution in my query for your side . ..
 If any problem to reach your show room they are welcome to smiling face solve the problem and easy to solve problem through phone
 I am not satisfied because my network problem has not solve.I have visit store several time bt my problem not solve .
 Your serves very like it
 My need is fulfilled by your Executive in a pleasant way
 Appki store mey coustmer ki value 0 hai gallata karetho respance miltha hai naitho coustmer ki paise gaya kar smjo ok
 Nothing much to specify because customers are getting what they need and you being a Vodafone know about it which made me to rate well . Happy future... .
 Executive of the shop haven't manners to communication with customers
 Advisor was helpful....but was bound under certain policies . Limits of authorities should be taken care . Not so HAPPY TO HELP!!
 Associate at Goregaon East store Ms. Shahjehan was very helpful n gave solution to my query every time
 The service was very good
 System was down for more than 1 hrs,still accosiates were handling it quite effectively but due to system inacceaibility there was some limitations
 0049002000760065007200790020006E0069006300650020D83DDE0A0020
 After so many queries for same problems but no body reply me from your co .
 All r vry helpfull
 I wanted to exchange my micro sim into nano . He said it won't b possible without original and Xerox document . I had a Xerox but I he didn't agree so I had Togo back n bring d original document . But when I came back he didn't remember to see d original document he took d Xerox n did my work . I reminded him to see my document . Next just be coz I didn't hand over my old sim (as important calls were to come in my phone) he charged me Rs25 for the new nano sim .
 Ur vodafne store dnt hve mpesa demo! !
 Nice one
 The response time needs improvement .
 Thank U So Much
 Unnecessary wait period, people do not have competency on the problem, to run 2 times to follow up on the same problem, a simple plan change was such a pathetic experience , happy to talk
 Very helpful
 Had to wait for more than 2 hours just to get the faulty sim replaced
 They told me what ever extra charges have been applied will be removed so
 Ur services r soooo gud
 Issue of tokens not proper .
 I am very satisfied overall SERVICE EXPERIENCE in your store,gud job....!! !
 Ur associate is very good .
 Totally I got satisfied
 Less waiting period and your store associate was very polite & humble .
 very satisfied
 Relation ship manager is very good rakesh tiwari
 V v good
 My experience Service request given to VF needs to be followed up . There is no way to get a revert proactively though the staff has contact details . Theyassure to inform back, but without visiting store you cant find anything . I was told 7 days for my work, but its already 16 days . Now they say another 6days.. .
 I have already explained and still yhou are doing nothing to unblock my international calls
 Your staff response is super
 I am 101% fully agree with VODAFONE SERVICES.
 Very courteous staff .
 Its because they resolve my issue on time .
 Fully satisfied,he make me understand every aspect related to problem . Ultimately problem resolved with co operation .
 No courtesy in staff . The quality of customer service and the way they interacted with me other customers was disrespectful . Language was not polished.Looked like Vodafone is running such an non impacting team because of any cost cut on manpower .
 CCE Pawan was not interested to help . I felt very bad as all CCE and even guard was busy in fight with a customer who came to raise a issue that he was not getting bills at home address from last several months . It's a dirty place to visit again for me .
 excellent service this time by vodafone and I am very happy keep it up :-)
 006100740069006F006E00200069007300200073006100740069007300660069006500640020006D00650020002E002E002E0074006800610074007300200072006500610073006F006E0020004900200067006900760065002000740068006500200072006100740069006E00670020002E00420063007A002000490027006D0020006800610070007000790020D83DDE0A00200066006F007200200061007200720061006E00670065006D0065006E00740020006E006400200073006500720076006900630065002000770061007300200061006C0073006F0020006700640020006E006400200063006F006D006D0075006E00690063
 Good
 Very poor
 Good experience
 My every question is solve
 One cash counter for store with 10+ service desks takes long waiting times .
 All the thanks
 I like ur service.and greeting and network and ur excutive with smiling face also.i select the network very nice
 Long waits,
 I asked to activate my 3g connection and now it close to 36 hours it is still not been done . No one in the organisation knows the process . It's really bad to be with Vodafone .
 n start interet service on this mobile no 9545195474. Thanks .
 First of all there service was to good . They can easily solved out my problem with in minutes, query related to Vodafone service . That was good for me tovisit our nearest Vodafone store . Thank you.. .
 Network problem in Vodafone is increasing day by day and after numerous complaints over several months, there is no improvement . So there is no point recommending Vodafone to others . At Vodafone store they are hiding postpaid plans, as per earlier experience they used to activate the plans other then whatyou have chosen . Vodafone store associates are often rude and this time the associate was not even aware of Vodafone plans . She told me minimum 3G planis of 650/- Rs, now it is lack of knowledge or something else . Instead if wasting customers time and money Vodafone should come up with proper network and service instead of sending any smallest plan change also for approvals . Lastly I want to know who are these approvers to decide which plan I can take,this is my money and usage is also mine, if you are offering a plan I should be able to take it without any problems .
 The store boys they dont have discipline, they'l be busy in chatting, and no proper response .
 service is fine , the center is small and with few people ,
 larivattom appeared to be concerned about the customer waiting . Thanks to her .
 Improve your system in serving the customers in queue .
 Very good 10 number
 Response is aaverage I can give only 8
 Stores are not carrying information details about corporate connections .
 Associatte was ignoring my questions and not helping me at all
 Nice experience
 Improve the skills of your employees, Their communication skills should be improvised
 Need to . Be more attentive & prompt
 I did not got the proper answer to my query . The way your staff behaves is pathetic . And soon I am planning to port this connection to any other . Thank you
 Very good management team.. .
 My all queries were being sorted out and assisted in a single shot systematically
 imeline and reason .
 Customizing the plans by ourself for our needs
 To improve
 It would be good if employees are well trained on current offers of vodafone, services erc
 t provide that, people will have to look for an alternative . And I feel Vodafone 3g coverage also not that great! If I get these solved, those ratings goThe world is getting smarter everyday, the phones are smarter and with smart phones, we need high speed Internet . 4g network is required now, if you don'up drastically ! Thank you !
 Good
 as a very bad experience
 I feel your advisors need to have more thought process in understanding the issue . I explained what i was looking for . After the entire explanation.. . Heasks me again, what do I need .
 I have been trying to get a replacement of my micro sim since the last 3 days , after waiting at ur stores for hours, I still haven't got an operationalsim . I will lodge a consumer comaint 2mrrw morning against vodaphone and notify the public of ur shortcomings .
 Out of my four cug sims, I was given the requisite solution in three sim numbers only .
 Very good reply experience is Good
 Super service
 My problem of poor signal is not yet resolved and no proper response from your side .
 My issue was resolved quickly and in a smooth manner
 After getting a good servic from u i bought one data card sim by paying rs1950,on 22 nov . At that time they told no bill for 3 month .yesterday i receivedmy reguler 9894632045 bill with higer amount,then i apporached ur store.response was not good and asked me to come in afternoon . Again i went in the evenin After a long standimg Mr.ARVIND told me that ur bill was corrected and u will get mail . But still i wouln't get any mail.pl do the needful Muthu
 There is still some improvement required in services offered .
 Customer support R service is not provided and the store manage promised to give a call back which I'm receiving yet
 Good services
 Lol
 Mature staff dealing in nice and professional manner .
 Try to maintain a contact number for each store . It helps a lot to the customer .
 I have 2connections already I have closedonepl . Let me know whom should I contact for making a Complaint
 Reply was quick ,even the associate was helpful and my query was resolved within 2 hours
 o renew this serivce, only 4 dis I have change my number to postpaid but now vodafone customer saying this serivce is only for 3 months no renew option wVodafone custmor call me and he said vodafone we will 500mb 3g data n one vodafone nunber free calling for 3 months and after that you will charge 49rs te will give you, use it for 3 months only, vodafone is cheapest company ever I see before. . I just hate vodafone now. . you all r lair .
 The staff neither wanted nor made an effort to understand the issue .
 I had to wait a long time and people who entered later were given service faster.. . Also my problem was to be solved by today but it still hasn't been solved
 I would recommend that do improve the network at some places which are still poor .
 Very goog
 I'm paying for 3G services but have 2G service
 Thank u so much for good services ... .
 Good
 Everything was great
 Quick service &resolution .
 Gud customer service
 Executive is very good, and store service very very good
 Free
 From last 5 days I have requested for activation 2g data but till not activated in my set.I have several time but their answer is not satisfy me .
 Your customer service is not up to the mark . We are not satisfying with your service . I asked to change my number from post paid to pre paid . For that hesaid go for the portable . What the hell of service .
 It's time consuming to visit vodaphone stores .
 Treatment s very bad.. . First tell them to attend customers quickly.. .
 Service experience was very good . Store associate was nice to talk to .
 ce provider. .
 ing this and I lost 4500rf also in future I am not use vodofone
 The conversation was very smooth and easy
 Md Ahmed the customer executive behave very badly . His times are not much to solve my problem . He diverted me by wrong information .
 CALL ME
 o resolve the issue of one customer they take at least 15 mins . No body cares to address the frustration of customer . Not even the store manager .
 Nice
 No
 hair to sit.your store executive.T.KRISHNAVENI shouted me to get out from the store.i am very much disappointed .
 Xxx
 The associate was very courteous and helpful
 Store' s interior was good n people attending there were very warm .
 First they were instting for post paid , and I wanted prepaid so I took billing again after 3 months I went to your store for the same & they weresaying my deposit will get after one year, finally I COMPLAINT to your custer care that I will go to consumer care for the same if I DONT GET MY DEPOSITamount still I am steak with it . ... . PRADEEP AREKAR
 Ans 1 because of its good customer care services and good signal strength Ans 2 my request was rejected and had I not revisited the store they wouldn'thave sent it . Ans 3 the store associate was very sweet and helpful
 She is best employee of vodafone, best in customer service, good nature, much appreciated, I wish her all the very best :)
 Good . Can improve
 g or reduce billing . Clearly not acceptable . Needs to be reported to TRAI
 It was quick
 I want national roaming free
 Best work
 There was no Xerox facility available in the in the Vodafone store
 Good
 Your Cust service is very bad they are just ignoring the exact problem solution also instead of solving the problem .
 Very helpful must appreciate the efforts .
 All is well
 Immediately response
 I am still not convinced that my problem is solved or not .
 Nice experience in store
 I am your customer for last 14 years . Never paid even single time delay payment changes . I had deposit of Rs.4200/- I visited your store 10 times to resolve the issue . E mail more then 20 times I was paying Rs.50/- per month for itamise billing then why itamise discount will be provided to me lastly how can you block my out going calls till the disputed amount is lesser then security deposit amount
 All good
 Your staff is very humble and polite which very efficiently take care of customers but there is a little problem that system of calling token no . Shouldbe more well organised, since it is not suitable for rush of customers that i had experienced
 I went into the store for a simple reason - to activate the data plan on my phone . The store associate promised me this would be done within 3 hours . Itis still not done . Bad service .
 No q for sr sitizen and fast service
 The executive was very frank to my doubts and she could solve the problems by herself, thank you .
 Seems to be organised..neat atmosphere..fairly quick response. .
 Your staff responded & explained different packages very well .
 Well
 I m satisfied in my query .
 Overall,my experience with vodafone is fine
 Minimum investment; maximum output . May solve everybody's problem .
 I called the customer services to cancel my billing account they asked me to go to the store . When I went to the store they were asking for my doc . and photo of the customer service guy would have informed me about the photo I would have taken it and gone how ever the store person was ok cancelling the a/c . I m only with Vodafone because of network or els your price is very expensive and customer service is very bad, I would like to repeat my self customer service is very bad at the store as well at the call centre . Please make sure that you teach your staff how to help the customers instead of making them run about hear and there . Thanks for asking me about my experience
 Very weak service in mp and very costly
 My rating is zero for Vodafone store change my plan
 very good and nice
 Unhappy with the unauthorized charges (downloads) levied . Been using Airtel for 10 yrs and never once this happened . Considering port out .
 The queue system was not followed properly . Therefore, a very long wait to meet the right person . The employees should be told to be polite to customers .
 Good
 Best service no excuses
 Due to way your employee interacted and respond to problem with keen attention . It so much helpful & kind
 1. Considering the customer foot prints at the gallery, the space is too small . Not enough seats for waiting customers . 2. Your service staff need to betrained better to handle technical knowledge about billing . 3.Your special consideration for sr . Citizens & disabled customers is appreciated . Thnx n regards .
 The store associate was receptive and helpful . The service was quick
 Generally satisfied i would suggest that daily feedback on the progress in the rectification of the problem should be given to the customer without any reminders from him
 d.
 D J Communications explained me the terms and conditions very well and behaved well to me .
 Good well trained n professional staff . Commited n Honest staff .
 Excellent coperation
 Pls call me I will explain
 they are not informative and proper co ordination with customer requirement
 was told that it would be adjusted in the bill after six months .
 I am fully satisfied with your service but store management is truly bad.they must be change and always forced about postpaid connection .
 Would be more better, if waiting time is less
 Thanks had a great experience visiting the store, I came to migrate to micro sim and it was so fast
 Worst
 I have been always a Vodafone big fan .
 Whatever costmer needs its should be done in 1-2 days myself hv bad experiance was waiting frm last 17 day want to cancel my no. . it is not done after doing all formalities ..... .
 Yr service was prompt n well guided .
 005600650072007900200073006100740069007300660069006500640020D83DDC4CD83DDC4D
 Was quick enough to resolve problem and answered all queries
 I have been a vodafone customer for long now and have been happy with the timely updates, the plans on offer and services .
 y customer i had to wait since only one system was running .
 Time delay and some interaction issues
 1. Longer wait time 2. Wanted to upgrade my Internet service, rep wasn't interested in showing different options 3. Rushing
 Not a good journey with Vodafone. .
 My 3G coverage query can't resolvable as discussed your associate
 1.well organised with a token system and less waiting time . 2.Associate went out of the way to help 3.activation happened in the promised time. .
 They are just showing computer screen not thinking logically anything . I went for solution not for query
 I could get relavant information without much hassle .
 They aren't warming dealing with customer .
 I love Vodafone,taken long time at store and expecting more offers from Vodafone
 Nice
 7.5 i am used only four days .customer care people work overall satisfied
 As my experience need to more probing and right product to right customer
 I want to change my post paind to pre paid plan but they didnot accept
 I have received an immediate response to my request
 Best service
 Had a smooth transit in the process
 Exelnt
 The store is nearby making it convinient for visit and one to one interaction . People at the store are cordial and help u with right schemes with promptness in services and scheme implimentstion
 Executives of the centre haven't taken any serious action regarding my request . Moreover they are not precise when they talk .
 Knowledgeable
 Nothing every thing is fine
 Very good
 9 Excellent service,but pos machine (card machine) was not working in three stores
 Though it was crowded but got the chance to interact with the executive . He gave me attractive plans . Wating the same plan to activate and that there is
 Vodafone store (dalhousie) gives very quick service. . Service men are very skilled & ready to help..but 1 advice..service providing counters should be increasd at dalhousie store .
 The token system . The attention given by the staff for querries all were good . But waiting time is to be reduced .
 Vodafone is just the best Awesome network Very good service Very good staff
 Overall good
 Excellent
 The store associate was very rude and was trying to set me up . They provided false and miss leading information....eg when i send a sms regarding my datget d data consumption information till that vary moment . I am very angry with d way they told me that, i should contact the same person from 198 to revise my bill . If that is how your store associate will speak, then u better close all the stores as it is not at all useful and it would save Vodafone lotof money which they pay to all d morons sitting in d store .
 The executive was so pleasent
 Didnot wait at lots of time at there,fast processing,but one thing is the store was along from the main city,so we cant reached up hurry, and the service charge is more paided for sim recovery. . Thats one of the thing is that we disappointed .
 Good
 No long on their commetment on schem that they promise I m going to port else
 Nice customers care process
 They did not respons properly with me
 o get my phone which resulted in additional round trip from home to vodafone store .
 The staff is caring and resolved my problem effectively
 Vodafone is the best operator for me... . Thank you Vodafone... .
 Previously I experienced lot of satisfaction with 10 points in cash counter . This time 100 percent not satisfied in cash counter with the services of Mr.Safdar . If necessary I'll speak in person .
 athetic service
 When I go to Vodafone store my work is done in one visit approx 15 min that thing is very good (cool), about vodafone
 Was a hassle free experience .
 I went to Vodafone store for settings on 3g, instead
 with the best Airlines in the world . Thank you God bless
 my SIM exchanged . That's a waste of time by any standards . We are almost nearing the year 2015, buck up! ! Value your customer's and their time .
 They were not ready to listen to me and was so lethargic
 actually I visited your store to make my post paid connection to pre paid because I may not be here in india so I don't want your connection last time I visited your store and they told me to come on bill date n when I went on bill date they r not responding properly n they have not taken my request n telling me to port to other network . And with in one day it can be done . If not it takes 10 to 15 days from our side to get the sim.so what shouldI do now ? Its very difficult
 Your token system was not working properly . It was a long waiting time despite of displaying my token no . Problem in delivery- There was no delivery onrequest time despite of this information that I am out of station for coimng week . There was no rational policy for a small work of changing sim size . Ihope services will be continued without any interruption while i wil be out of station . Thank you .
 Nice executive with being very polite and with complete information about whatever asked
 Its gud
 Excellent
 The store staff are very friendly and gas resolved my problem effectively
 0050006C007A0020006C006500740020006D006500200073006C0065006500700020D83DDCA4002000650076007200790020007400680069006E0067002000770061007300200065007800630065006C006C0065006E0074002000690074007300200032003A0034003000200061006D00200067006F006F00640020006E00690067006800740020D83DDE0A0020
 I fell happy because I got immediate sim change and activation vastly .
 Need to have more options on tariffs and boosters
 or postpaid connection . The only reason I am sticking to Vodafone is the coverage which is better than other service providers .
 My token number was 121 and 119 was last announced . ..it took 30 mins ...secondly all ur people specifically girls were busy chatting in their mobile phone.. .
 He interacted according to
 Yes i am satysfide to vodafone survise .
 No action taken reg my complaint
 The person was really helpful n understanding
 Vodafone executive helped in getting all possible information
 FREE
 I am called to the Centre four times for a stupid postpaid to prepaid migration . I am migrating because I was sold plan with being told false benefits which were not provided to me even after several complaints at the customer care . Won't recommend Vodafone to anyone . They are popular, but very poor service .
 Anil Kumar n Mohit were helpful and informative .
 My problem has been resolved in real quick time .
 I am not satisfied your store associated's anr yr co cheat me
 ice. . worst of all, my problem is not solves yet. . i would not recommend vodafone to anyone cause it's too costly and they will get nothing in return
 Store associates go out of their way to help . The stores are very crowded . Lack of space . Need more counters and employees as they look under fed and over worked employees . Didn't realise the second question regarding the stores otherwise would have given just four at the most .
 is resolved .
 Was understanding and patient . Thanking you .
 Your store manager and staffs are trained only to see what's benefiting to Vodafone, rather than building customer trust . Incorrect way of tariff plan changes, auto debiting customers account with incorrect bill amounts, no proof of communication or intimations made to customers and above all informing the customers that Vodafone is bound to do anything with customers as the customer has already signed the agreement . Amazing customers dissatisfaction .
 Not happy due to the change in tarrif plan without customer's consent and also charging for itemized bill which was earlier free for corporate plan without sending intimation regarding the charges as well
 Totally satisfied experience
 Awsome company
 Satisfactory response
 rd or any other charges so that the customers don't have to wait for half an hour just to go back empty handed .
 Excellent service . The associate knew exactly what I wanted and provided me with product that suited me .
 Its was gud but could have been more better .
 Fast n good servic 4rm d store .
 I expected one call resolution . ...but I had to visit the store couple of times...still not completely resolved...I have to visit the store still it getsresolved....the customer service executives are good but that 1% is missing
 Some of the staff founds and seems to be too arrogant and some of them are acceptable
 Poor internet connection. . I did a 3g pack today. . But it still isn't working . Otherwise I am satisfied
 Staff does not use common sense in approach n thy behave what thy trained . Smile is missing . Need 5star to 5 steps customer service programme
 Good
 I had asked for a SIM card replacement, and unfortunately it was registered on a different name and hence the representative told me to get an NOC and aadhar card . It just doesn't make sense as I do not have so much of time to waste at your store . You should consider me being a customer for so many years.I am contemplating on changing the service provider now .
 using Vodafone for last seven years, i am a loyal customer, and recommend it to everyone around me as well, good night, serve well .
 Best service in telecom
 Thank you for this privilege of giving me this opportunity to share my thoughts . I feel that the digital token counter should be able to be viewed from wherever the customer may be seated or standing or walking around .
 NYC staaf n very cooperative
 Get a new Sim card
 No one is cooperating with me in the store and dont provide complete and clear information .
 1 Know English Send Hindi Gd Nght
 I am very much satisfied about the service of store staff .
 Problem still not solved .
 I had a very bad experience with Damanjot Kaur . She is too rude tonbe put for customer service. . other than that, the services are average .
 Call me i will let you know .
 No comment
 Quick response .
 I had to wait 1 hour for simple SIM card replacement
 Appreciate your support in my matter
 I m happy with Vodafone
 Service was good but waiting time was more
 Customer service is very bad
 Could not understand
 Happy
 Thank u .%-)
 Your executives are not able to activate my mpesa account for past two months . I have submitted my documents thrice.have visited four times for follow . P
 U took so much time to attain my problem !
 The staff was very polite and was very enthusiatic to clear all my grievances . And provided me with the necessary held without any delay .
 aw at the store ur representative Who came for documentation has put incorrect photo n email ID! Also, how do i speak with ur representative on 111?! Cumbersome it is
 I m really satisfy with service of vodafone , I think this is the best network in india
 Store associates dont know what they are up to when dealing with issues . Even they give false promises .
 How many days for credit the amount 2 bills is over think it in Airtel my cologue problem they credited the Amt in next bill
 Good
 Ur Service was avarage then in my case ur plan an Call rate was vary huge
 U r executive thought I was irate as my query was regarding billing . So she answered wickedly which is unacceptable so ask them to be polite as there hu
 I simply love the whole treatment .
 I will move to other mobile services i in next week
 Beautiful
 No proper response for my enquiry . Irresponsible reply
 Your store associate is very rudly,noncence, miss behavier person
 Unwanted procedures Rude behaviour and so on.... .
 CSE having good knowledge
 ng sorted
 The person was helpful
 They were very rude n mannesless
 Everything is Good . Keep it up & All the Best to Shine 4ever .
 Very satisfied
 ider now .
 friendly, fast service
 Very nice experience , Nice atmosphere and helpful people
 Good
 Your Vodafone store was being attended by the staff when I entered . I have to wait for a long time . Then for a caller tune I was referred to another boy . That boy took a long time . I was Fed up with your service . They Don know to explain things . Finally I got what I want when I was ready to move from your store . I really do not know whether I should praise them for their service . The service was delayed for more than 25Minutes .
 4. I am not confident if my issue will be resolved this time .
 The wait was too long to meet the store associate after which he gave me advice which was incorrect
 wice . my outgoing calls activated yesterday but still I am getting warning message before every call, which is very annoying . Therefore u r requested tolook into the matter on urgent basis and solve my problem so that I can pay the due bill.I hv not paid my bill till date and still waiting for reworking of my bill . I hv visited many times to ur borivali west store n met with Mr santosh . He has always told me that within 2 days u will get the modified bill, but still I am waiting for that . In the meanwhile my outgoing calls deactivated by u twice . my outgoing calls activated yesterday but still I am getting warning message before every call, which is very annoying . Therefore u r requested tolook into the matter on urgent basis and solve my problem so that I can pay the due bill .
 My problem wasnt soughtd so i wasnt completely happy. .
 0(very dissatisfied )
 good and polite service
 No revert to mails . Problem not solved since 60 days . I might want to port my number .
 Personally filled fine
 Was explained to the requirement
 Employees will be having friendly chat among themselves with out caring a standing customers in front of then . Giving ridiculous reasons like your numberbelong to karnataka circle . Go to karnataka and resolve it . Worst response.minimum waiting time is half an hour .
 I am fed of co ordinating with Vodafone gallery for my high bill last month Worst experience ever . It was a big mistake to port out to Vodafone from loop .
 Some time v have to search who will give us coupon n where is ? Nobody answers for inquiry .like wanted to know about WI fi connection for home which was displays at centre table .
 Awsme
 Very good response in timely manner
 The attending person was not aware of your internet data plans, and have to really work hard to make him understand what I require . I am having a total of 6 number of Vodafone connections having numbers as 9874449988 , 9874489988, 9830670013, 9339782932, 9874459988 and 9830470013 in the names of Aloke sureka , my wife Madhulika my father suresh kumar sureka . Previously I was allotted a special relationship manager with a cell number who was expert in handling my issues . That was the reason I ported my services from Airtel and reliance to u. But now I am really harassed with your 111 cd Sms system whereinthe person who calls me doesn't fit to my questionnaires and ultimately put me on hold . Also in your special vodafone offices u have one or two person hame an expert relationship manager who can handle my all numbers and is really aware of all your latest schemes . Thanks and regards Aloke sureka
 was not giving a solution of my problem
 Hassle free experience
 Your service centre is only ok not good
 No response Waiting for hours Peoples are busy fulfilling the forms If someone has some query than will have to wait for hours What the hell you people Are doing just to fill the forms
 Too much waiting time, no coordination between field staff and store staff, unnecessary documentation . Too rigid attitude, unfriendly staff . Will switchroyalty to AirtelRoyalty to Airtel
 They have tried the best to resolve the query . However no solution was provided as they were not sure on the resolution .
 Ten out of Ten
 vodafone is d best
 Vodafone is simply gud
 Customer care executive refused to give me my previous recharge bills
 Check your records.ive already complained
 people and Network of Both are not reliable
 I love Vodafone, experience was good :) I'd like to be with Vodafone
 Great Experience
 The service at the store was very good . The associates are very helpful and polite .
 Full information given by gaurav
 Have visited store no body has attended any customer in time being, responsible person also suffer here and there . Also they don't care customer
 Increase Staff,Seating arrangment in gallary 4 client for improving services & 3G area network while browsing convert frequecy in 2G network,while in Home network Bar sumtime 1 or 2 only
 There was no seating arrangement for people waiting more than an hour and explaining was time consuming and not done quickly even when many people were in queue
 Without informing me company dissconect my service .
 Vodafon ignor the customar .
 Very nice experience
 You didn't solve my query yet . I've requested for my refund . But I didn't get that . This is the main reason for which I gave these ratings . Please solvemy problem as soon as possible
 I was not told all the procedures of transferring a sim . I had to call the customer care n visit the store multiple times because no one knew wat to do. .
 Poor network, long wait in the queue, every time all of a sudden network goes into emergency mode . Please improve the quality of service . I migrated from Airtel to Vodafone 2days back . Please improve so that I can send some good feedbacks .
 Only problem with Vodafone is very poor in network . because of this reason, we are planning to change 12 Vodafone no.s to airtel or bsnl . Otherwise restall is good . Ur store associate was very kind enough to help us with our problems n fast also .
 Bad customer service . Bad attitude . Went to 2 stores . Same experience .
 I wanted to migrate from postpaid to prepaid for another no . of mine . The store stated that it was impossible without changing the sim card. .
 as the number of customer are more in number if u increase the counter it wil be good
 The person was knowledgeable and helpful . Solved my questions in minimum time .
 I had been for post paid plan Was disappointed with the offers by vodafone as compared to other companies like reliance and docomo as well as Airtel . Vodafone is too expensive in terms of call rates and net charges
 2g net speed is very slow . Plz incres it
 Reception should be willing to help out with enthusiasm and promptness
 Very bad in response to customer queries .
 It took time but they solved my problem to the fullest satisfaction it's been great to get associated with Vodafone
 8 good convienceing ability
 I m really satisfying for ur customer care executive .
 presented a copy of police complaint letter . Pls call me to know more .
 Ten
 Quick response, prompt solutions, excellent behaviour .
 I got proper guidence and attention with a smiling face .
 I love vodafone network good service provider
 ke that .
 Your are rating 1/2..
 We have to wait for long time to get our promblem listen or solve.Thanks
 With . Increased timing in evening, no que for rechrge it was fantastic service .
 Satisfied
 Answers to query resolved in short and efficient way .
 I feel lazy to type ;)
 The store experience was terrible . I was trying to become a Vodafone customer but was met with great obstacles . Instead of helping me the representatives were a burden . It would have been easier if I was given a form to fill out and do everything myself . They need training, customer support training.Only one employee was knowledgeable about how to help me .
 Very nice and i fee very gud to talk with u
 wnload charges add in my bill approx 700 from last 3 months and late fee etc . No one supporting me, I was happy with airtel before 6 month,
 told me that u will get 600, but when I check later on, it has 400 minutes free now .
 seven
 The adviser Sandeep was absolutely rubbish . Not willing to help at all . His attitude was very bad . Also other people taking too much time to resolve theissues . Not good at all .
 Behaviour of executive & number of times visited for same issue . Till date issue is pending . No communication from customer care .
 Yes off course, First off all your store location is very good, second the infrastructure of the store is decent and last but not the list your costumerservice is such a lovely and the best part is the people you choose as a relationship with us . So keep it up but give a little bit focus on your outsidedecoration and you got a outstanding response
 The staff are not trained, they don't know how to handle the query . I have seen instance where the staff was abusing the customer . Most of the time manager is not available . All the customers are not happy with the service that they provide . I have given a complaint regarding my data 1 week back and itis not resolved yet I have visited the store 3-4 times wherein I have to tell them every time about my complaint . They staff need to be trained regarding product and customer service . There are other people who come n explain them about customer service . I applied for corporate plan in post paid which they told me will activated within 48hrs today is 120hrs n still its not activated .
 Ten on ten de toh diya kya batau ab thullu
 At very first day I went to with my problem n one of associate told me that they can't help me. . I have to contact the dealer whom I bought my recharge card. .
 May be I was very happy at that time
 Vodafone spoiled my life
 There is no courtesy from your representatives . They think that they are most sincere and hardworking people . After hearing my complain, they blamed mefor the scenario . They told me that I was lying and must have send messages to UK which I didn't . I asked them to check weather in my association with Vodafone for more than 12 years I have not send international message to anyone and the your colleagues say that I am lying and that is the reason for leaving Vodafone .
 Each person speaking different . No respect for customers . For the first time in 8 years felt dissatisfied .
 V good and usefull
 have filed my complaint and all my services will start working in 15 to 20 min.Nothing has happened till now . VODAFONE SUCKS.
 When customer is sitting they start talking to another one
 My query is not solved after calling the customer care and even visiting the store .
 1, Time taken at the store to a. To attend the cust . b. Eagerness to resolve the issue .
 Ur
 The person there,attended properly named ayush
 I am totally dissatisfied about service and billing methad
 I am not satisfied your vadofone service &CUSTOMER CARE PLS CHECK YOUR SERVICE
 As per our telephonic conversation to yr executive ivisited the vodafone store to change our billing plans .i told him to convert my plan in onother.hegiven so many reasons n told the it cant be changed into this.i am yr billing custumer from 10 yrs.and there is no any regards for us.he rudly refusethe matter.as i am not effording the billing system so i am going to convert it in another network.for more details u can call me.thanks
 Stop time churi kora, timly n sharp service,ur staff shuld b polite .
 Whenever i visit ur store for any resoltion of any prblm i get fake commitments nd after dat i have to more by ur fake commitments Last time i was commited by ur executive dat in 149 plan i will get 450 mins but after dat i came 2 know dat i was provided only 350. I have dozens if complains nd prblm wid vf regard to commitments nd servuces
 My Vodafone 3g internet is frequently disconnecting and signal problems i couldn't get resolved with this issue i visited the store for complaints butnot getting resolved
 Even after changing the plans the previous plans were continued on our numbers, even after several visits to your store . Store executives are insensitivewith pathetic behaviours.. . There were at least 7-8 people quarrelling at the same time for uninformed data pack and plan changes and extra billing, Vodafone has the worst customer service . EVEN AFTER 3 VISITS TO YOUR DOMBIVLI STORE I AM UNAWARE OF MY EXISTING PLAN. DOMBIVLI CUSTOMER SERVICE STORE IS PATHETIC WORST HOPELESS AND YOUR EXECUTIVES ARE ARROGANT AND INSENSITIVE. YOUR TOP MANAGEMENT SHOULD SPEND 10 MINS AT THIS STORE AND THEY WILL DECIDE TO SHUT IT DOWN.
 Sandal is really very friendly in nature .Like the way he explain plans
 Ur services are vry best but your net pack and call rates are more expensive
 Good service .
 Data is not updated...no knowledge of customer's plans....just attending customers
 My man balanc deduction noy return and your executive miss behavior
 Fast, courteous, helpful and knowledgeable staff
 No commenta
 My time is precious and they value my time .
 ANS.3. VERY SATISFIED
 Everything is awsum. . Executive was very gud easisly solve the problm. .
 5 very satisfied
 setisfection answer very nice service .
 All was good except the service of vodafone . My networks are not coming properly . Earlier my Rs100 were deducted without any reason . So plz improve the seevice . I hope i wont be facing this problem
 Did not asked which sim to be delivered normal or micro.which caused 2nd visit unnecessarily.always it should be asled before delivery
 was handed to me at around 7.15 PM. I just wanted that if finally I was given micro sim well beyond 7 it could have been done on the previous day . If oritook the token at that moment it was said that I need to bring original ID proof . when I brought it no one bothered to see at the counter . My micro sim7 than he said its closed come tomorrow, I was advised to go to Borivali . He said that it is open till 8.30 you go there . Next day I went at 6.35 pm ando some representative regarding micro sim . He called some Ibrahim if I remember correctly, he talked very rudely and said store is closed . I said its not
 The executive was very polite but had to check her answers with her senior .
 Fast & efficient & honest response@VFS by Manisha . But replaced simcard failed . Had to come again@VFS.
 Vodafone connection got activated on 15 nov . however I requested for a nano sim which got delayed days after days with no confirmation as to when the nano sim would be delivered . Finally I received the nano sim on 4 dec and this caused much inconvenience .
 Satisfied with the service
 Too much of waiting time, approx 30min and not enough executive to address the query
 Madhu is very good service provider and I'm totally satisfied
 Reason your store manager mr ashish very good person . He leason me very well and resolve my problem very soon .
 Billin issue is not solved yet .
 The store in vasai is quite nicely designed .n the staff is quite helpful.n the ratings were given according to my experience to the questions
 Satisfied Vodafone service and reaches every place
 All the members are very nice
 better service, better network than others because i like only voda
 I visited the store for migrating my number from postpaid to prepaid, as I am moving to new city . I had all my documents with me, passport, photograph, pan card still, i was being denied for the same . Reason stated was, we need local address proof . I wanted to ask one question, how come it worked, when Ibaught new postpaid connection . As at that time also I did not submitted any local address proof . I felt very disappointed and harrased after gretting this type of response from yours .
 Y
 Pleasant interaction . Seemingly unbiased and friendly advice and above all fairly prompt and unwavering attention have weighed in this rating .
 affs are very responsible
 Cannot provide plan according to usage .
 Drinking water and rest room facility may be provided for the customers .
 Happy to help as your slogan is really work well for me as they do really helping me . thks so much
 If u really want to know your executive bluff me then call me
 I liked her service as she solved it very easily n oll my query z resolved now ..
 Your customer care service at 111 is difficult to approach and people there are good for nothing .
 Ur store assistance did not pay much attention or time to me.He just wanted to get rid of me as fast as possible .
 Maintain good service
 Still very poor net work at my area ( DEVPURA . HARIDWAR .complaint has been registered . Except DEVPURA IT IS OK NET WORK . Solve my problem soon
 Q1 of 4: Based on your recent store visit, how likely are you to recommend Vodafone, from 10 (very likely) to 0 (very unlikely) ?
 B'coz i was satisfied with service and staff both .
 Very quick response n service . Really satisfied
 no comments
 I talked with the shahibaug vodafone store manager and he solved my issues . The advisor don't help me well at store and hence I had to deal with store manager
 e customer satisfaction!!!! ?
 I didn't get proper service from your organisation as a customer
 Your executive is a very help full to me and good Services thank u
 Very speed data services and network coverage
 Overall had a great experience
 To much waiting at the store and have been facing lot of network issues not happy at all already ported out my other number 9920074980
 Individual response was great However guidance on arrival was absent even when every executive was looking at confused faces of customers
 The service providers and their Capabilities to find out solution to the problem are appreciable
 Too long to wait when given a number, moreover when paying your bill there's only one counter who handles the bill payment, cause some people bring morethan two bills .
 Well behaved & Courteous staff
 I was satisfied with the service of your staff
 ime. . Number Portability mostly along with the other Vodafone connection
 During waiting time, the proactive approach by Harshita, the front girl . She helped me avoid waiting time and also updated the status later .
 call me .
 The service was prompt and efficient . Behaviour of the staff was gentle and professional . The layout and appearance of the store was smart and eye catching .
 Pls improve customer care service .
 End of the current billing cycle i am not associated with this connection
 I am very happy with the services and the guy who attended Imran and Israr to me very helpful both are . I appreceate to them . And a suggestion that plz increase counters in chembur gallery bcz there is long que .
 This is all waist of time
 just for 2 customers .
 The executive was very polite and made me understood whole procedure in first instance and did not hesitate in answering my questions .
 I have payed 249 for 3G internet recharge still my recharge is pending and amount has been deducted from my account Plz do the needful
 Nice experience .
 Dissatisfied
 Service was satisfactory
 I very likely recommend vodafone because its services are best. . I was but disappointed because the employees made me replace my sim twice but its satisfying as they just successfully replaced my sim with charges and data pack without further charges . The employees are very friendly and efficent with their task. .
 The Vodafone service is better than other . I like the service
 People were very nice . System is good and overall experience was nice . Mukesh Ranganathan
 Staff was very helpful and efficient . Did not mind taking time to explain options to me .
 10th
 The female staff is extremely rude and isn't willing to help . It was disappointing to see such an inappropriate behaviour showcased towards me
 I compare it with my experience at customer handling at HDFC bank.as well as at Reliance ......both places the executive had reached out to me as a customer
 The experience is good due to warm reception and solution . However your voda carevhas horrible experiences . Could ur address to make it to meet custimerfriendly instead of harsh behaviour neglect attitude of customer ececuties .
 It is very happy to me NAGENDRAM GARU DONE GOOD
 U hv Charged for what i have Not used - for My Other Nmbr - 9773290370 U have Forcefuly charged for Internet - which i have Not Used & have Not Askedfor U people hav forced a 12 Gb Internet Plan & claim that i hav asked for it i have Never asked for Such High plan - nor i hav used any data do check - if i have consumed any data - Even 'ONE kb' note - dis is My First bill wit Vodafone & U hav Cheated & ******* from the begining itself :-(My Nmbr is 97732990370 0 RelatnShip Nmbr is 8.11638430.00.00.100001
 Excellent service
 because i got good attention and satisfactory reply .
 Helping....caring...services r best... .
 Apart from waiting for my turn, ms Priyanka upgraded the service without any document demand or enquiry .
 are the issues my requests are not at all addressed so far
 The store manager and the customer executive were very humble and did my work speedily .
 Thank you . But you are too late . I have decided for port .
 Overall satisfactory but have lots of scope for improvement
 I have replaced my old sim to micro sim within 5 minuts . And it is activated within 20 minutes . The other network providers takes 24 hrs to replace sim.So the vodafone store provides us good service .
 D person attended me was polite soft spoken & quick in filling forms . Explained plan details clearly .
 Good & awesome . ... .
 _XX_gl_XX=_XX_gl
 No comments
 Even though it was a new store people were very knowledgeable and customer oriented . Malleshwaram store has the best discipline in work compared to other stores
 Good trained staff , as per my experience with one shop I am mentioning this courteous and politeness will always has better results . I too happy to severe u by feedback
 lots of huggss. .
 Your executive dont have proper response . Have to consult other executives . Others are also zero . I am fully dissatisfied with my visit .
 Ur services are very poor in customer care and in Vodafone storr
 I hv 5 connections fm vodafone . Oldest is 13 yrs & next is 12 yrs . When i told that i am planning to discontinue with 2 nos . There were no seroius attempt to know my problem & efforts to retain me . Hope . This vil suffice . If possible trnf or refund the sec dep in the new number to my other existing number or refund . Instead of adding to ur revenue .
 Rude and misleading
 & VIKRAM SINGH
 Pl send me your email ID,so i can reply .
 I had a very bad experience at store with Mr. Yogeshwar and there was one more lady . They made me wait for 1.5 hours for finishing the formalities of migration . Their behavior was rude .
 Good and fast service..thankful to you for providing this . .
 Awesome
 10.. .
 100% customer service provider.....thanks vodafone
 they have been hlpful and courteous . have helped solving most of my problems . thank u
 Many unfriendly staff they promise you something do not deliver . Also they treat lower end of prepaids very badly always see a fight or two going on . I have to visit practically every month for faulty billing many a time amount is reversed . Also they tell us a plan but never give in writing always subsequent billing problem . Also very unfriendly for senior citizens like us
 bv
 They are not aware of plans receiving request from customers complaints viewer if excess billing after month also Same attitude no change in staff regarding customers one niranjan comes and threatenes customers and sundariya she is not aware of any thing waiting for manager drection in my 5 visits i neversaw who is manager thier this is not with me with other customers too
 I felt that out of five personnel I have been alloted only the same fellow .
 On asking a doubt regarding something & I found himself to be confused that what to answer !! !
 Very nice
 Your company is cheating its customers
 Very few counters on....too many customers . ...no senior available to handle crowd
 Your staff-Charanjit at Sarabha Nagar, Ludhiana store commiited mistake in providing internet service on my phone 9646996868, instead he activate the sernot able to rectify the problem .
 Very systematic, no time delay, good response
 I also satisfied all over services... . At store
 Good service provider .. :-) ..
 I hv visited your store multiple times.... . There is no professionalism.... . Half the staff is trainee and help desk counters not same since 2008 even though the users increased till date is huge... . Wait time is very high... . I feel like i come a government counter.... . Executives r not updated on policies and frequently go inside to discuss with team leader... . Only 1 person on cash counter....call me for more feedback or share your email id
 Poor customer service , raising voice against customers, blaming upon customers without enquiring, treating customers like a fraudulent, asking to e-mailthe issue without knowing whether the customer is illiterate or literate, customers with complaints are not respected properly
 Only d existing p.p plan was intimated nd not d additional data plan top up that I was using.I added a new data plan 2 my no . Only then was there a msg that my previous plan has been de-activated .
 Net work problem
 No positive response . Too long waiting . Issue not resolved
 They dnt even listen to me . What is my problem . 29 rs had cut from my balance for just 102 kb of data usage . While only 41 paise should be deducted . Andthey said we are not sitting here for ur balance refund . I told them cut my balance according what i used . How can u deduct my entire balance . Then they said if u wanna use data ,then always do data recharge . Its my balance ,my no . My phone i use it according to my need . And they dont even want to regibalance .i am going to cousumer court and compalint against vodafone . and i am not connect to customer care from my number because they dnt connect my number to customer care executive .
 Well skilled staff nd better ideas
 In u r every one on sleeping mode lazy & arguing with the customers in the D.G. store unprofessional Except sojat man in suit .
 Very rude customer care executive. . High waiting time
 Prompt service
 I am satisfied
 Very Satisfied
 i ki koi bhi wapas na aaye always they say ye Lao wo lao
 The service is good .
 Easy to access and cooperative staff and also better conctivity .
 Good response by the store executive in resolving the issue
 Very good service. .
 Good
 The reason is Vodafone has excellent customer service second to none, you do enough to have satisfied customer
 Excellent
 You staff will look happier to help if paid better .
 Vodafone red is an unique feature in the course of post paid system and i like it very much pl.keep it up . Thanks for calling .
 Poor customer service
 No network coverage at home for more than year, have 3 connections, nobody is able to satisfy the query , third class response
 I reached mini store to pay my bill at 6 : 30 . Store was closed . Second day i reached at the same time Associate told me that store have been closed . It was a last day to pay the bill . My outgoing call was barred at the same day . And as customer care executive told me about mini store timing it is 10 am to 7 pm . I was unable to make some important calls for 2 days . And it was'nt my mistake ...thank u
 I have facing network issue since 4 months.....so i am switching to other network
 Your staff of Vodafone store little bit slow it can be service faster if they want
 Pls contact our store associate find out what was the problem
 Satisfied but second time .
 No comments response is very better
 Poor service
 0059006F0075002000770061006E00740065006400200074006F0020006B006E006F0077000A004A00610069002000470075006C00610062007200610069002000280062006900670020004A0029
 Vodafone service is properly but your care officer is false sentences and custmers losses
 10/10
 Its a long long wait for ur turn . Sometimes even upto 2 hrs . Thats a real waste of time for busy people .
 Easily approach the staffs and solve the our problems.thanx .
 I'm receiving promotional calls daily for services I don't need and for services I need I don't get information & intimation .
 All were good
 I'm happy with Vodafone
 Super
 They behave very bad
 No respons & vodafone execative not present in shop
 Its gud n appreciatable keep it up
 I hv already emailed my experience
 My prepaid number alloted to other customer . 9167737125 No refund of rs.100 my money we stage .
 I always appriciate vodafone because i our family we r using around 200. Connections because of your good team work n excellent staff in future we pray to god that we had more good relations between us . Thank's ASHVINDER PAL SINGH NAYYAR.
 Your Executive help very Good Service is just Superbob Really Very Much Saticefied
 ANS-1 -- >0 ANS-2 -- >0 ANS-3 -- >0 ANS-4 -- >0 (STILL YOUR COMPANY NOT SOLVE MY PROBLEM ACCORDING TO THE MESSAGES I DON'T GET 500MB ...ONLY 150 MB I GET.NOW ITWILL BE COURT MATTER....FOR ME 49 IS NOT IMPORTANT BUT U COMPANY IS LIAR)What procedure i have to do to convert this Vodafone card into IDEA.
 Dear Sir, I am 55yers old man.Amar kono complane karar projan hala 198 A complan karta pari na.Maximam time lineta kaj karana.Taka kata jacha,kinto kanocomplane kara jacha na.Sai mater ta likhato jama dabar jano MINH STORE-A Gaka onara latter received karlan na.Upranto dhamki dilan arakam karla apnar line ta bandho hayajata para.A bar balun kikara satisfide hawajai ?
 I went to clarify a query regarding excess billing in last month's bill at your Sec 18 Noida store . Pathetic customer service, no respect for the customer and no attempt made to help solve the query . Please look into it
 ry, she was helpful .
 00200063006F00730074006C0079D83DDE09
 With the exception of the manager at the store and the rep Sujeet the entire experience was unpleasant . I had to wait an hour for my issue to be addressed - an issue that Vodafone created in the first place with the lousy third party verification service providers they use . An issue that I was unable toresolve via your phone customer service rep because my phone service was turned off . If Vodafone didn't have the best network in Mumbai I would have switched to Airtel a long time ago . Can't wait for Airtel's network upgrade to be completed so I can switch providers
 Ujjjkkuju
 You shud come up wth certain reasonable packages . Annual bonanza pkgs for limited users will boost ur sales too .
 I spoke mr praveen in cunnigham road outlet he offered me correct & complete information .
 The service is good . And the store people were so friendly. .
 Excellent..thanks
 As soon as I needed a change in my SIM card to a micro, some one promptly turned up and guided my staff on the procedure resulting on seamless transition the same day without disruption of service . Yor staff is helpful and efficient.Kudod to them !
 My new no 9916055195 is not activated kindly activate immidiatly
 Generally; To comprehend a query and (know enough to) answer just that, this is usually lacking . There is nothing old fashioned or modern about this interaction, yet the tendency to 'display', ends up displaying the negatives first, serving no useful purpose . On the contrary, attracts 2/10 etc etc .
 The store is not maintained well . The staff is limited. . Only 2 customer service desks . The staff is rude, do not respect the customer . Queries are not resolved without having to shout . Not a good experience at all .
 The store associates do not have any knowledge on any product. They are not able to solve my problem.They keep on asking each other for any question asked by me . To add to it there Behaviour rude and loud .
 Service at store pretty good as well interaction with d executive also good n main things d guidance which ur executive gives very good
 First & Formost I would say your Ghatkopar East Galary is Class . Specially the Staff . In that Yogesh & Deesha are Superb . Co-operative & Understanding . Your Services are Great & the way you have Automise the System, is Outstanding . Your Co's Services is 10% lacking . Otherwise 90% is Unbeatable by any other Operators . Sir if givn a Chance for a meet I hv some Imp Sugetions, which Co can incorporate, which will give Extra Edge in Competion .
 Customer realation is very Good maintain Every day
 The executive was not able to concern my issuedespite that he started entertainung his friend whereas i was just raising my issues . This is yhe second time i am facing problms with the same store
 Your store is compettable and satisfied servicer very good . Carry on
 Thanx for co-operation
 Vodafone service is good
 g 100 out of 100 but vadaphone 1 out of 100 thats my overall rating .
 Nice services .should consider customer who is with Vodafone for years & years .
 Really appropriate to SUNNY he has resolved me issue soon and given me a CUG New connection he is very polite with me and helpful
 Best services all over
 I have visited the Vodafone store two times for the same problem but till date there is no solution given by the Vodafone store . Deeply disappointed by the service .
 Non-cooperative and highly unresponsive and argumentative staff . Not helpful, blatantly lie . Allow customers known to them out of the queue . Completely mismanaged service centre and seniors do not respond . Shirk responsibility . Neither will recommend others nor will myself go there again .
 He was good at his work
 I hv not paid my bill till date and still waiting for reworking of my bill . I hv visited many times to ur borivali west store n met with Mr santosh . He has always told me that within 2 days u will get the modified bill, but still I am waiting for that . In the meanwhile my outgoing calls n net service deacis and start my all service .
 Want itemised bill for month of oct 2008 urgent coz it is the only evidence i have to prove my employers wromg against pending case in labour court since2008. I m billing customer for the past 9 yrs . Help me asap .
 ivatin with a adjustment request to higher manager mail .
 It's has been more than a week I have visited your store but yet I haven't got any feedback from you . It's a very small issue . I'm seriously not satisfied .
 In Yelankha , store please keep some experienced people, and plz train them how to attend customers
 New Branch malleswaram is superb staff is really service oriented aswini bai is really fantastic with customers handling
 The place was crowded and therefore a little chaotic ! But overall between 8 & 10 is a good rating ! However, I was to get a sms after 4 hrs informing me about activation of my new plan on my BB which I didn't & I had to call the helpline 24hrs later to inquire! !
 No comments
 Worst feedback from customer care and vodafone store
 All the information provided were fake and wronge
 Store staff is very arrogant and not even listening to our complaint regarding low speed and other problems we are facing and asked us to disconnect theconnection if not happy with service and Mr abhijit is very abusive and store manager als support his theory.They was behaving like local Baniya people.We taken this connection based on Vodafone's Brand name ,but these store is behaving very badly with clents complaint this thing is not only with us theybehave same way with other cliens in front of us .they are interested only in new sales . but i appreciate ur effort to understand our concern . Hope u take appropriate action and improve the service in your store
 Please remove token system for bill payment using credit card
 Good customer service
 Good helpful service
 Excellent service
 ter staff Without going through our complain how she responded was very bad in taste .
 Play take the complaint and solve the costmers problem within 7 days don't take one month
 when yesterday i argue her then she make everything at that time .
 Customer care is good,but your network will some times go bad . Even after changing the data plan it reminds in 2g and make me angry. . But anyhw the complaint was solved now
 Service provide gud bye executive
 Overall good performance by voda members I am satisfide .
 Excellent
 Brand new store .. Good ambience. . Good staff. .
 Ambience was good . Query awnsers were not satisfactory . The connection & relationship feeling was absent . No warmth felt .
 Way of handle customers os
 00500061007400680065007400690063002000730065007200760069006300650020004900200067006F0074002000660072006F006D00200056006F006400610066006F006E00650020007200610070006900640020006D006500740072006F00200063007500730074006F006D0065007200200063006100720065002000630065006E007400720065002E002000490074002000610063007400750061006C006C007900200068006100700070007900200074006F0020006800610072006100730073002000740068006500200063007500730074006F006D00650072002E0020D83DDC4E
 Its very good experience i'm satisfied wit vodafone services .. . Thank you
 Till I become a post paid customer, services are excellent . Later, the required services response is not very positive or encouraging . Attitude towards the customer need to be changed and always to be attended .
 Its important to Improove ur services more
 I feel staff dealing was quite professional and helpful to the customer which is the core requirement of service industry .
 Quality
 ive balance in my account . Why without our consebt vodafone has not sent itemised bill ?
 Not at all user friendly . I want to block this no.but worse they helped me
 Include more products and services in vodafone store . Show all plan details in 2-3 television screen along with audio . Include waiting chairs for customers who are waiting .
 I appreciate the work of sp road executive proud to be like executive in vodafone
 I am satisfied from the whole service given me at your store . Now i m waiting to resolve my problem .
 I find the service and the staff were great and the experience in the store was pleasant..so no complaints .
 The store is clean . All employees are very co operative fast and well informed . Your store has all the hallmarks of a modern efficient store . Only lacunae is that people have to keep standing for hours which is a pathetic experience particularly for aged ones .
 Presently I am appreciating the vodafone service. .
 Vadone Network is not good as it lost several time and Internet is not good for consistent surfing . for eg . playing online games .
 I have shifted base to Coimbatore from Mumbai . On phone I was informed that I could walk into a Vodafone store and transfer my account with the same number . Your store said it was not possible . This is harassment .
 Being big and brand name vodafone service is worst at all and employees are not giving prompt service and last cust care person is gvn diffnt n employees difrnt
 I like networks vodafone & her store cause the networks are good & strong .
 Very good response given by mr . Rahul , problem solved in few minutes
 Internet pack of 199 activated and charged for 5 months without my request . And when asked to reverse my amount they r telling ******** reasons
 Interaction was good but I want an immediate answer to my complain
 They exactly can't understand our problem
 Service Good. .
 I had to twice visit the store after MNP activation to get my outgoing calls working . This delay could have been avoided from your side .
 It was like I lost my phone and I wanted to my sim on urgent basis but inspite of promise to activate in two hrs nothing happened then I revisited the store same day . I also called customer care to provide me with contact of last month they were mechanical and refused pt blank.pl sensitize them to underst
 good
 Very niz experiance wit vodafone,all are very helping minded persons
 No commitment given will be looked upto 13 th .
 All my queries answered satisfactorily
 e of time . Most important give jobs as representatives to human not gundas . Teach them how to talk
 No M Nt At Al Happy With D Service Of Ur Staf As They Are Nt At Al Helpful
 Vodafone is always good some working are persons bad .
 I am so happy for sort out my problem by pooja nd give me full time for understand my problem . So i am happy
 Employees at store need product training
 Happy to help you its meaning less in your store and guide your staff how to talk with customers if u have time call me
 It has taken me 3 weeks to get a post paid sim under my company corporate account . Vodafone staff is pathetic . At the call centre and store . For more information call me .
 Yes i am satisfy
 Excellent
 responce is good..updated the recent options. .
 th pur problems but u hv not solved it untill now
 Store manager abusive and non cooperative . . .staff was gud .
 Satisfied am happy .
 I had to get a sim replacement . The process took 25 minutes . Process needs to be relooked .
 Good
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
 Overall experience was good but my query still not resolve .  Thanks & Regards, Mitesh Shah
 The store was very organised and spacious and there were 4 counters so the cudtomers are attended speedily . The person who attended me was Priety(vadodara,mujmahuda store) , she was very nice and helpful . I appreciate her knowledge and quickness . The whole experience at the store was very satisfactory even the security guy was helpful .
 Proper satisfaction to my problem
 Booz of poor response and 45 min waiting time
 My problem is not solve. .
 Excellent Service
 Good service .
 excilent service
 yeah i m satisfied bt nt any kind of value addition
 Nobody care in Vodafone store
 Everyone says differant replies for a complint.Improve your network in attibele area
 Made to wait for more than an hour , on two occasions, given wrong information, during prepaid never had to visit store&waste time . During postpaid had to visit thrice . Being expensive should be least troublesome .
 Nice communication with store , but there is no sufficient response from other end .
 Associate was really helpful and guided what to be done.keep it up .
 I am disappointed with the response for my request, there was no any rules like this when taking connections, now when am moving out of the city and wantto change connection to prepaid why do I need to wait till my billing period, which is almost 15 days from now while am leaving the city next week . Thisis horrible . Do something if u can, else I do what I want
 It is not based on customer friendly & most important the staff are hard pressed of time & surrounded with real unhappy customers Your most important job
 How *** they are handling customers as like labours ?
 Experience very nice .your wexecutive have wonderful knowlege he sort my problem immediate
 Happy with the way..Agent give resolution .
 good sence of humour
 My last plan is 249...I went to store I want to change postpaid to prepaid I asked him he asked me why you are changing to prepaid he asked I told him monthly bill getting full amount that's why iam changing I told him..he told me one nice plan there outgoing bill will come you have to play in billing date 500 include it will come its 1year valdity same call cost...he told me you change in prepaid you have call cost,internet balance,sms balance
 Problem not yet solved
 10 (very satisfied) to 0 (very dissatisfied) ? My position is 5 that means I am neither satisfied nor dissatisfied . No abnormality in both the ends .
 The executive understood my prolems and resolved within a minute . Being sr.citizen I also got prefernce . Cutomer care in true sence .
 I'm not the one who came to the vodafone store my friend had came there for me the vodafone associate who is in charge there treated him in a polite manner and give advices to him very friendly and assured to him that my query will be solved before today night the attitude, friendly manner & commitment ofvodafone associate are the key reasons for my ratings:-)
 Staff is very rude and giving wrong answer
 First of all there is no sufficient arrangement of network as your advertisement show that our network goes where you go it is very false scenario as your company shows Also there is no helpful staff at your store who is attained phone call guy instead guy who sitting front of her Overall service is poor We doesn't need any attendance we need only Good network which you manage for us
 Stores executives were proactive and my documentation was completely quickly... . tariff plan was easy However store was bit crowded and staff was accupied .. slight stress was observed on staff
 Pls.clarify the uses charges as applicable in clear pattern =for data in GB. Thanks
 Nothing can be judged just visiting & interacting in Vodafone store.Network should speak in the form of service.Hope the service in network will not disappoint
 I met a young man by the name SUBHRANIL 8017725054 he such s nice young man and so helpful
 Its like a family for me n others . They replys politely comfortable for customers to understand . They help us to know about new skims in which vr satisfies to take it . They give proper acknowledgement about our requirements . That's it thanks no more comments . Thanks have a nice day to all customer executive who help us to walk in new generation with failing
 1.the person understood our problem, action taken immediately, polite with patience .
 hey told there is no any such plan after 3G they charge me from my talk time account . So don't understand who is write I told Vodafone who is write thenI charge my card 650 rupes 3G and retailers told me is unlimited data for a month until 3G after that speed get lower I went Vodafone office at Jaymala t
 Can be better
 Vodafone has charged me an amount of 242/- against my number for internet in spite of having 500 MB free from 9th to 15th Nov 2014 for that reason I had
 This is my 3 month old no . All of first they barred my no.before generate the bill secondly when I deposit money in my account they did not unbaared my pport my no .
 ally want to discourage people from coming in to stores .
 Time taken to solve a problem is too much, customers waiting for their turn can get very irritated .
 While I contacted the custamer care people over phone they made me very clear that what ever may the connection(vodofone/aircell what ever it may be)there only motto is " EARN MONEY WHILE CHEATING THE CUSTAMER CLEVERLY ".
 s. I will now watch for my bills !
 I'd like to be a part of vodafone network....and keep helping us...:-)
 Good Professionalism, clean outlet space, & good response .
 Very gud service .
 Good Store Ambience & Good Customer Service .
 I observed u will not take any action
 First I visited cannought place there they refused to provide micro sim replacement rudely . Then I visited vasant vihar they were nice and did the job satisfactory . All the outlets should serve with smile .
 Store associate was not helpful
 i have 6 number under corporate plan i want to convert postpaid to prepaid . i go to vodaphone mini store near by my home and also vodaphone store Vashi but no one help me . so i finaly my all 6 number portable to another service provider . vodaphone network and plans was good but service bad .
 Good
 Very time consuming, delay to get request number from customer care, almost waited for 30mins followed by the entire procedure .
 Sorry.. . not interested
 Let me speak with customer care abt change of plan and will finally decide abt changing to other network
 The reason I had reached your store is not met
 A gud service experienced
 Nice store.easily accesable.good executives with pleasant communication and good behaviour explained everything in detail and got sim activated within specified time
 At the time of getting portabiIity I asked for micro sim . The sales executive Mr.bhavan gave me both micro and mini Sim and told that replace at Vodafonestore after portability, when I visit the Vodafone store the girl sitting there told that sim replacement will charge me 50rs . i have been informed thatreplacing the sim card will charge me 50 rs but actually it is 25 rs at other store .
 No friendly treatment & behaviour .
 Realy happy with vodafone
 There should be a provision in ur system to refund the wrongly remitted amount by a customer or to carry over the to other quarter if any to the esteemedcustomers like us who have Roughly 10 and above in the hold will u be so sir
 Porur customer service is total waste.again&again we told wrong information.totaly very worst customer care service.so am i decided to other network.thank u.
 Rs . 49 /- has been charged extra for internet downloading .... . i have activated 2G internet pack and monthly consumption was below 1GB... . i want a refund of that amount within next bill cycle... .
 You just make fool . Over billing . Fake commitments . Fail .
 Service was very satisfactory, but interruption by other staff during conversation was a bit irritating
 THE WAY EXECUTIVE HANDLES MY QUERY IS GOOD ALWAYS I GO TO THIS EXECUTIVE
 Overall the experience was good, except the roaming in vasai . Almost all other service providers are giving home network in vasai
 Bad service
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
 Lots of conflict were there between your cutomer care and store executives . Before going to your store i had called customer care for more enquiries butvodafone executives denied for any kind of information that vodafone customer care had provided me .
 Very bad exp .
 Excellent service. .
 , then I have to close this no .
 The way customer executive who guides initially we enter gallery is very rude and not giving proper response to our queries .
 I am not happy and satisfied also with your Vodafone store visit its always i have experienced with your store .
 I visited the store to replace my lost sim, response in store was good, however the sim has still not been activated even after three days . Called up Vodafone customer care they have not received the request for activation so far I was asked to visit the store again and put in a fresh request for activation
 Not bad but................ !
 I bought s new prepaid sim card n had problems trying to load it .
 Good staff
 Very well explained abt product by vishwanath n wit gud n well communication skil.... . Keep it up gud work...... .
 A different approach from ur side has felt only on my recent visits to ur store . And particularly last
 The operations of vodaphone are very poor
 Since porting to the second largest telecom company of world and india and four complaints of non receipt of bill I can compare your servce only to a village grocery store which I presume to be better than yours . Thank you
 No Stores Manager at Vasco
 Conference call charges are not acceptable .
 It was not a bad experience but would be great if wait times are shorter
 I'm sorry but there is bad facilities of seating not enough space, otherwise nice .
 Satisfied with service
 Completely not satisfied with the store person or with telephone request person and with the person who looks after the email request and gives reply tomails, this is just a matter of wasting my time, l am seriously thinking to port my number with some other mobile operators .
 Floor management was pathetic . Bad to see employees joke & laugh around while customers are waiting . The person to whom I was sent to state my problems was spot on . He was good .
 Cool staff.healthy enveirment .good service .
 prompt attention and getting my issues resolved
 too much waiting for printout....ur store is understaff as compared to number of customers.. .
 Please my plan change in prepaid plan . Otherwise i port in other company .
 Good
 Communicating s good..... .
 Prompt service coupled with understanding approach helped in immediate solution leading to higher customer satisfaction
 All question answer are zero because my problem not solved .
 Everythng was in a proper way..there is no rush as token systm was gud ,no long waitng..aftr token jst wait for 5-10Min and your problem gets solved eaisly.. .
 No coordination while issuing Tokens...it's FILO not FIFO....language to be very soft while spking to customers...Sply Security Guard... .
 They r very helpful
 Very low level of satisafaction Very high bill charged on this no . We not using this no . For call and net but bill amont always charged 800/- 1000/- 1400/- we sopke to custmer care Representative & go to gallary for the same but still problem is same so we try to go for prepaid for the same no .
 your payment enter deposit speed very slow .. .
 Mera bill amount kai barai mai problem tha jis kai liyai un ** nai koi jawab nahi diya & right pakage kai barai mai pucha to bhi un ** nai koi jawab nahidiya merai bill mai 441 ka downloading charge laga hai jo ki wrong hai
 Hi , by using 2 nos (another is 9819649406) i'm with VF for past many years . Also experienced few other networks, that is enough to compair .
 Very poor customer care .
 Customer friendly.. .
 Need more communication
 It is pleasure to be with vodafone
 days back regarding my issue, I even sent a requesting mail to corporate mail ID, kindly look into this .
 I have a mid rating because my overall experience was not at all bad but I can't term it as excellent . So mostly a 70% rating
 Your customer care executive not good, they don't know about services . And one big thing we have to wait for long time about 1-1 1/2 hr to solve our queries at Vodafone gallery .
 Good. .
 I am very much satisfied with the service provided
 Manta madam is very soft spoken and Co operative, as I was in hurry she took very less time and solved my problem . Excellent work by her .
 The problem faced by me not soluted by vodafone associate . When I said that I can change to prepaid again or closing accnt . They said u r welcome
 Great . Services thanx
 Vodafone service good.but customer care not good responce and billing verification billing also not satesfied
 Infra and communications sre really awsom
 I was standing there for more than 20minutes and then got to know that I was supposed to go to basement for my problem to be addressed . And then it tookmore than 15 minutes . So I spent almost 45 minutes for this small query to be addressed . This is unacceptable .
 Service is best fr ever
 Ambiance, knowledge on the products selling, advise given to customers, attending to needs of the customers with patient are basis for my ratings
 Nice Opinion & Good response .
 Staff at d store is very helpful & with in a few minutes I could complete my both jobs . Madam Fatima attended me & she explained d plane & change of SIMprocedure very clearly . Person who verified my address on 117 ws also very co-operative . Since my SIM is from Mumbai circle d changed SIM isstill not activated but it is a technical problem not related 2 d store staff . Thanks 2 ur team .
 I think whatever schemes you run, 1st:- those should be more customer friendly 2nd:- your representatives sitting in Vodafone outlets should understandcustomer's requirements to the full 3rd:- your representatives should be more customer friendly
 Spended lots of time .
 Everything was good except the time taken by sim to get started and i am not able to know the benefits of seconds left
 Network problem . Many times call gets disconnected . Many times call is not forworded . Net speed is not as per expection .
 No concrete reply was given on improvement of network coverage in Gr Noida . Problem since last two years+ . Poor show !
 Before complain ny network was good when I camplaib my network didn't work only
 Very cooperative and friendly
 I am verry happy thank you
 I tried to approach to Your store manager (Ms Jasmine) but they r not bother to listen
 Surrounding music sound should be slower
 The response of the customer care was satisfactory but make the social media team to tackle the issue at the earliest
 I don't understand why the Ansal Plaza store couldn't rectify the data reception on my handset . . . . . The male attendant asked me to go to the South Extension store for help as there was no "gig" there to fix my problem . Also, on late payments each time Voda cuts off the net saying that I have crossedmy limit . So what if I have . . . . Don't I pay for what I consume ? Why do I have to take a net plan ? Leave it to me to choose what is suitable ! Further,who increases the data usage limit without me asking for it ?
 Hospitality
 Everything is good...but it can be more better . Thankyou.
 I like the Service but i feel the rates are more than other sims
 Not allowed to change my Red plan.. . Attendant.. . Could not do it... . details ..Re no of SMSs...told .not satisfied ...told but did not match my usage... .
 I have waited for 40 minutes to get micro sim and then when my num came, manager said you should go to priority counter
 Best
 For you prompt service & response .
 Very good
 Vodafone services are not so good they had cut my RS.60 withiut any reason and didn't revert me back so bad sooooo bad
 Superb Service
 diverted issue to main store. . pathetic service...no use of mini store.. . jst wanted to convert podtpaid into prepaid...hv to run pillar to post...reallypathetic
 Your executive behaviour was pathetic . He is mannerless guy .
 The relationship manager dint response properly to my queries. . The customer care executive in call center dint give full information .
 I would really like the Vodafone service so that I join with Vodafone from last 9 years and give the full rates .
 ling offended
 I applied for postpaid gave all papers id proof photo etc they told it will be activated within an hour but not done upto next day we again personally visited service centre then they told the no was wrong again confirmed the no after that also it was not started then I personally went there and told ' now I don't want postpaid my decision has changed ' then they made hurry and started and told 'ab aap change nh kar sakte ' why ? I am using the same servc
 I went there for new connection but no one help me to choose number . Even store Manager "KIRTI" also not respond .
 Replacement of duplicate sim was asap
 I was told that new micro sim that I got after exchanging with my old one shall be activated in 2 hours; but it didn't happen I again went to Vodafone store JMD MG Road Gurgaon and asked the executive to help me with the activation he did all the processing and requested me to wait for another 15-20 minsbut again nothing happens....I called customer care who boast about HAPPY TO HELP YOU actually did not help and very politely told me that they can't activate it as the sim activation control is with Vodafone store only...that actually made me very livid....when ur customer is in need u guys don't help; what's the point of having Vodafone stores when people in the customer care department can't connect with people in Vodafone store....I am really thinkingof switching to Airtel....I also had complained about the poor internet connectivity at my place but no resolution was done....I have taken 3G unlimitedplan but when I saw u people r not bothered about ur customer's problem I again switched myself to normal 3G plan... .
 I had a prblm of non crdt of bl,ur stf atndd wth vry plsre & prmsd me to solve d same . All r being frndly wth cstmrs . Thank u.
 Overall interaction was Gud kindly make network even better than now.. .
 Everytime I go there, I witness a fight . I know fights will happen inevitably but you need security staff who can control these situations . Contrary to this, your security guard was the one involved in a fight and beat up an old man who started bleeding . 2 days i went to the store and both days I saw a fight . Please take some action for its very inconvenient and distracting for those who come there to sort their problems out . Thank you .
 Good overall but less attention to customer
 3g inter net access problem but I have my 3g plan .
 Very nice
 Unexpected bills . ..
 How many times u need my comments ? I told u several times that I have transferred all my fons to Vodafon and having five connections as ur service is good . Pl remember even appreciation is not demanded , it is to be commanded . Ok ?
 Care executive unable to give clarification about problems giving unnecessary information
 I'm not at all happy with the answers given on my current outstanding amount & the bill I've to pay . Also the bills charged .
 Vodafone is a pathetic company to be with i am forced to be with this company only because my company has a corporate tie up . Initially it took me threeey reversed when I called and complained .Frustrated with this I did not pay the bill for the last two months . As a result of this I got calls to pay mymonths of calls and emails and 4 visits to your Marol branch to get my corporate plan active . Post that every month I kept getting wrong bills which thbill . When I got these calls I explained in detail what my problem was . Once they understood the problem they hung up saying you will get a call . Later when no call was received I made a few calls to your Vodafone helpline "A pathetic helpline ". I called this line 20 times between September and October . Explained the issue no one bothered to help . They said I'll arrange a call back no calls came . Not only this after so many calls and mails exchanged none of my problems have even been put into your systems . This is very alarming as it clearly shows that Vodafone now is an established company and does not bother that one of its customers is not happy for the past 7 months . I know this message will make it nowhere but I just write to try and see ifI can make a difference .
 Super
 The staff is polite and knows about various options suitable for us . In all a good experience. .
 Representative have no knowledge of plans and misguiding me to remains in postpaid and finaly two hours wait for my tern in store .
 The person who dealed us at your store is vry understanding..she properly explained our queries...means dat girl fulfilled your vodafon tagline I.e happyto help...the store is vodafon store at mall road ldh..who dealed with us named as miss shivani
 Wrong commitment from your agents and wrong billing.. . worst service.. . no proper answer if I write a mail.. . vodafone is a fraud company.. . I dont wantto continue with vodafone. . very soonI change the operator. .
 Very worst store in Dharwad no com sense store executive behavior very bad your store executive using vulgar worlds I can't explained in this SMS.
 Very good to have service centers all over the city
 No one is responding.Not once token called for half an hour.Counter was vacant but no executive was there.Everey one is busy with their own chatting .
 Vodafone best network
 The store asaociates are good there but the management of the store is poor . Only 2/5 counters were open , theres hardly any place to sit . Kindly increase seating arrangemnt . Overall Vodafone services have degraded . When u call up on the Vodafone Care number, the people I ve spoken to so far hardly haveany knowledge and usually end up giving me the wrong info !
 The general atmosphere in the store was not warm and welcoming
 I see no reason why other people could not attend me while there were no other customers around in the store at that time .
 I requested the Vodafone store executive to change my address in the account for which he replied it is not possible to do here and asked me to contact the person who sold me the sim card . There after I called customer care at 55666 and asked if the address could be changed from Vodafone mini store and he replied it is possible to change from mini store itself . Which means ministore executive does not have any interest in addressing the issue athand and is trying to fool the customer which does not make any good to him or the organization itself .
 Services are super and fantastic..proud to be an vodafone customer
 i want to voda offers bt i want free offer calling 2sec 1 paisa thanks
 Excelent
 Pls stop to convince to customer about post paid connection
 Yes I very satisfryd to visit vodofone store thank you so much
 Every thing was fine just waiting time was too much .
 Facing severe network connectivity issues . Calls get dropped every now and then . Mobile voice and data services have become pathetic .
 t. .
 I just went for a micro SIM, they took over than 30minutes to give me the SIM and told me it will activated in two hours but it took 48hours to activate.. .
 The guy was good
 I visited sector-50 Noida store for duplicate SIM of different kind . I was told that the SIM will be activated in time frame of 4 hour's . After this timewhen I called the customer care I was informed that the SIM issued to me has a number which is already been in use . This is something very ridiculous . Even after two working day's I am not getting any satisfactory response . The above said store is almost 7kms far from my home . I think I should switch tosome other service provider .
 Great Service
 I found yr staff very polite n courtous . Keep it up .
 From 27:08:2002: when this no . is activated till today , I have received very good service from your end, whenever in trouble I got justice . So I believe I can continue this number with your good service . Thanks to command/hutch/vodafone regards : sanjib sarkar
 Systematic process Given attention Courtesy of staff Quick process Minimal Time taken
 I had to pay to buy a postpaid number. . I did not want mpesa hence had to buy it forcefully to get the number. . Over all it was excellent .
 after knowing & understanding my problem i ws facing from 2 month they still ask me to wait for the reply from vodafone within 72 hrs .
 Irresponsibility service bottom to manager,are u want full details cal me
 Unsatisfactory services Delay works Non friendly employs
 There was no proper response
 It is my 5th time to visit Gurukul vodafone store.They believe in Deny rather than help and asking me to call concern & manage . I have four connections of Vodafone and paying approx.Rs 2000/month . Thnx
 Grt
 Friendly atmosphere
 All is good, but be communicate to your executives, don't avoid the those customers who are coming after 7:30. It is a problem hats it..! !
 Giving good response to customers .
 Very quick response time and friendly staff ! Keep up the good work .
 Pl let me know when add chg will be effected and when stmt may to sep will be recd amt paid for the same
 It took close to an hour to get my work done namely transfer me existing plan to Vodafone Red . There is nothing that could not have been accomplished Online but the Vodafone site would not let me . The site in Kalyaninagar is very poorly designed . Too many customers .
 Good service
 My experience is good but not exielent because of ur staff
 Ur store and network both r vest .
 Your store Associate told me that I had a call from vodafone about my complaint but no call come till yet .
 Very satisfied to your cooperation
 Extremely happy n satisfied with behaviour n knowledge of your staff I mean all the people over there feel like viditing the store once again
 I was not given d benefit f d recharge wch i had dne According to your companys mesage one day offer was there if v r doin d recharge f 99 v vl get 1gb data n validity wd b four weeks but i got d normal 500 mb n two weeks only n according to your meaasge which i had rcvd i did not recrived d offer vch u told me
 All ready I given the comple
 Gud expriance
 There was no willingness to help
 esponse is awaited from your end .
 Good
 Thenx
 Response toy query was good
 Superb service
 I want explanation on my download ing charges which u charged me 642
 Bcoz it dose not entertain customers There's no to every question without any reason
 Vodafone by comparing to another net work there is no special and good offers
 I FULLY SATISFIED WITH SERVICES. VERY QUICK ACTION, RESPONSE, WEL BEHAVED, ETC.
 note and improve your services .
 Worst service planning to change the network .
 Its gud n awsm feelng.. . The atmosphr is gud
 Best
 The service related to my problems were answered very fast and reliable
 ll with me . So frustrating services . Even escalation doesn't help .
 I am not satisfied with vodafone services at all And the store associates are not knowing anything about vodafone skims . There are also confused and i want to talk with higher authority as now i am very much tired from vodafone services .
 My query was attended promptly . Your executive helped me to fill up form . I was very much in hurry so without any delay, my request was taken care in unbelievable small time . Good work .
 The representative who had interacted with me was very cooperative and nicely explained me about the tariff plan . Regards www .karandikarassociates.com
 I met Mr. Zakir with my problem and, really, he explained everything in very simple language and very courteous manner . He also suggested me how I couldsave . And all this in very short time ! Amol Rackvi
 Over all experiance is good as the result is being delivered at one go but the same is experienced after convincing to the staff by an old customer . Hence the rating is skewed would like to expect further betterement in respect of old customer . Thanks & Regards - Ashok Kumar Singh
 As satisfied with my query
 Poor customer service . I have register a complain regarding unable to receive incoming cl..worst network . Very bad respond at store.. .
 I have fully satisfied to visit Vodafone store .
 Vodafone's . Executive solved my problem very quickly .
 Every aspect was great, store manager was courteous
 Pathetic service . I am sorry to say Vodafone has the worst network and calling u customer service is a pain in the **** . Called 8 times for tele verification but the sim is still not verified . Vodafone is a thief company .
 005300740069006C006C0020006E006F00770020006E006F007400200079006500740020006D007900200063006F006E006600690072006D006100740069006F006E00200072006500630065006900760065006400200066006F00720020006D00790020007000610079006D0065006E00740020006F006600200031003000300030002000720073
 I am very disapointed with the service of vodafone,specially the sms service which is totally very bad and the call service which is also not very good .
 Not satisfy
 Good service . Bad 2-in 1 chip
 Very long wait times . Taking same documents every time .
 Good customer service .
 Ok
 The store responses are quick while the customer care otherwise is hopeless
 Good
 I was a first time customer and didn't know the procedures of consulting and no one cared to help even though everyone has badges called happy to help .
 No proper response to questions asked . Incomplete justification of answers given . Carelessness on the part of your employee about losing a consumer . No customer centric approach and respecting consumers... .
 I am a happy customer of Vodafone . But I would like to say this increase the rate rate with which u attend to different queries, complaints, requests ofcustomer. .
 Closely helpful to customer and smiley approach .
 the way you people respond to us is good
 O
 I never went to the store and this feedback is irrelevant.. . The store person from Salem called me . That's all that happened
 In the store , vodafone guy was not there in the first day so had to visit store twice
 Poor ambiance,poor reception, unclear communication .
 Super nice interaction and smile face
 Call center did not help after putting me on hold 30mins . Store took the request immediately .
 No transparency with the coustomers .voda persona at counters take coustomers as if we are bound to take services from ur network
 I am very happy your vodafone cc
 FULLY SATISFIED.
 (Vodafone) is sooooooooooo best network in all networks!!!!!!! !
 Store owner doesn't show interest in servicing customer... .
 Reasonably satisfactory Amitabha Ray
 THANH U
 Very gd care gd experience
 The services rendered were really useful, hence the rating .
 Your executives fooled me .
 It was very good experience with Vodafone . Executive listen my problem and given me solution then and there and while solving my problem they were verypolite and professional .
 very good
 No comment
 Very good .
 Good keep it up
 Good interaction, patient hearing
 My rating is 7/10
 Executive was easy to talk and understand
 No knowledge to the desk personal and the call center guys
 Bad exprience
 No any solution with my problem
 Good
 My last month mobile bill has come very more . I am thinking to reduce my bill from next bill & switch myself to other operator with new no . Vodafone havebilled me very much more .
 I want to increase my credit limit. .
 People should feel for their customer, they are because of their customer
 Indirectly saying to quit from the service
 Good
 Its really a wonderful environment in the shop and executive was very kind and helpful to me . Good to have that kind of executive in Gulbarga vodafone
 good service
 Very good
 Takes more time to entertain customers, also wrong commitment to customers
 You people do not have brains . You do not deliver what you say/promise .
 Wonderful
 Good service and explanation _i`s very clear.respect and good staff with full desciplain.totally store is good
 t tolerable and harsh .
 Keep up the good work !
 In a first attempt solve my prblm, realy happy service
 There were just half staff, so including me everyone was embarressed . moreover there was only two sitting arrangement for waiting and we were about 15 people for that .
 Customer service associates were polite and assertive . They did proper follow up until my connection got activated .
 Waited for 45 minute no respect for customer ,service like they r doing favor for us we r unwanted person
 I love everyone in the store they respect the customers and gives the good service i hope they continue this and best of luck to vodafone for acheveing goodname .
 .
 Good work by agent
 what is this 10 scale . keep only 4. poor1 average 2 good 3 excellent 4
 I was been your Vodafonecare and i gave complaint about my balance wrongcharges but you goyzzz not respond any positive answers .
 Staff good and well mannered . Ready with solution to our problem .
 Excellent service given by amruta. . She given quick resolution for my issue
 they worth for it'
 Best co opret me
 nice service
 Please revert to my bill charge & send me my original bill to my old plan
 Helping way, clearing doubt and making comfortable for an old lady like me
 Excellent, friendly & prompt service !
 Well that's my perception u cud do better
 Overall good service
 Plz try to solve customers problems asap......dnt harrasment them.. .
 Kind .
 Thank u. Plz develope your 2g and 3g netwok in ginni and jonny show room and chatlang area at aizawl .,mizoram
 The first to attend my call was too rude @ mannerless & disconnected the line during conversation.The second attendent was cordial & wel mannered Persons like 1st caller tarnish the image of your company.If u keep recordings do listen to the talk
 Very fine service nd so much supportive. .
 Good
 committed me for call back on 3G plan; which he failed to do . Still waiting for his call. .
 Everything was good bt could have been better
 Your representative Kratika helped me very much, so that i am completely satisfied with her service
 I like your team
 Simply great...keep it up
 Friendly dealings
 Marvellous service given by vodafone
 Very nice respose from all staff and quick solution of my problem .
 The staff was very responsive and despite being under pressure, they were open to a patient listening
 Because of the smart professionalism .
 You guys made wait five hours for a sim card activation
 But can u still help me for reducing call rates
 Good service in comparison to other operator we used & supportive staff .
 I would not refer Vodafone as network is very low in our area . Satisfied with ur csr as she explained but was disturbed the whole 2 minutes we talked .
 Waited for 45 minute in vodafone park St , to get my turn . Was standing for this 45 mins, the store was not that crowded but it taken so long time , some how I felt the management of the center is not good
 Every one I spoke to was very helpful
 Q3:10
 Wait time . No proper response
 He said that u r money will be refund in one day but still I didn't get my monwy back
 Customer handling is great
 Services is not good . Vodafone store employees not cooperative for queriese.and network is very bad even in my home also iam not getting proper network
 Very Satisfied
 When I went to the store, to get a new prepaid connection, there was chaos in the store and people were fighting over some tokens being served first, even though they were before them . The Manager was shouting, the employees were shouting and it was just a big chaos, A man wanted to meet the manager and the employee kept saying, we cant help you with that . So it wasn't a pleasant sight .
 Very satisfied with service
 0 0 0
 Guys either not paid enough or are scrounger as not attending customer n roaming with in d hall n chatting thats hurting us as postpaid pl reirganise otherwise ur subscriber will fly away pl wakeup tx .
 Higher tarrif plans does not provided me any benefit
 10 regards Sunita .
 Vodafone service good
 Q3 if 4 is 10
 Amazing staff
 I m not satisfied with Vodafone and Vodafone policy my phone outgoing barred without intimate it's horrible for me so I want to port my no
 I was given a solution to my problem without waste of my time .
 My main experience is based on my customer relationship with your services through the team of your unit at Church Street in Bangalore . I think the cashier is the most unsmiled guy I never met and last time when he suggested a Pack not adapted to my request (emails on my bb), he considered it was my faultand never agree he was wrong . This is not an attitude front a customer . Should train the person to be more customer conscious or change him by someone else more polite . That's all !
 Visited to activate nano SIM CARD after recharge also it's not working . Mobile no . 8939702909 - Siva Ganesh
 When I went to your store for MNP, the store associates told me that only postpaid connection it can happen .
 Nothing so far
 Good job by Vodafone
 Although the store is serviced by an all female staff which is a good thing.The staff at Vasant vihar is rude inefficient and think as if they are doingyou a favour by attending on you.They have no clue about how to even open the phones to take out the sim cards.I was witness to seeing other customersalso feeling frustrated by there lack of training n basic manners .
 Your service at all angle exallent . No comments at all .
 ou them within 48 hours and still waiting once again this time was promised a call from your company within 48 hours but nothing as yet
 You are not answering my quencence . Eventhough I paid my bill why my services were terminated for 5 days while I was on roaming.???? ?
 Gud service and gud interaction
 I GOT MY LOST SIM REPLACED AT MY 4th VISIT AS THE TWO SIM CARDS DID NOT WORK. I GOT A CALL FROM THE STORE THAT WRONG SIM WAS PROVIDED. I WAS MADE TO WAITMORE THAN 30min EVERYTIME. AT MY 3rd VISIT THE RESPONCE WAS RUDE.
 SATISFY WITH SERVICE BUT DIFICULTY IN GETTING INFORMATION REG MUMBAI NO.WHICH I HAVE GOT
 Only problem with your network is we cannot reach customer care easily like other networks . So please improve
 NOW CALL RATES FOR HALF PS HAS BEEN ACTIVATED TILL THE EXPRIRY DATE PL DONT SEND ANY SMS FOR CAL RATE FOR 40PS/MIN @I2 RS FOR STD @PL SEND AN SMS ON THEEXPIRY DATE THANK U.
 Kindly improve your network . We are paying you for the good service and what we are getting !
 d not gave me response to me .
 He blamed Vodafone for their strange plan policies . 4
 FREE
 I love you
 For the first time in a life I am leaving the country without international roaming courtesy Vodafone who lured me under number portability from airtel without even checking my back ground . So sad and so sick . I had no way to alter my service provider today . Shame on you. .
 I never visit vidafhone store again
 Cause I can't' satisfied with service, so 0 (dissatisfied) .
 when the problem will short it out ?
 I am not satisfied . But yours easy helpline methed to check new offers its good.overall in store you take some serious action thats it . thank u
 0 very dissatisfied
 Satisfied. .
 rt . He den make a laugh . On . Me
 Not sartification
 As above Q 3
 0 (very dissatisfied)
 Very satisfied
 4. They are not able to give me a solution . Can you pls tell me how do I save FNF. Your associate is not able to help me . He told me to dial *131*5# please do the needful & help .
 All 10
 My rating-10
 Good service and explanation done by Excutive Amit
 Well trained staffs behaviour towards customer is excellent
 The staff was eager to help but they couldn't solve my problem . Ultimately i had to call someone in Bangalore and ask him to go to the Vodafone store tohelp me . That worked . Perhaps you don't have coordination between different states in your Computer network . Anyway, thanks :-)
 Many time vodaphone has a network problem
 Aleady I have replied ur 4 questions last month . I am with the same opinion . Vodofone service is the best of others . The staff are very kind, listen
 I was very happy with experience . 10 out of 10
 I gt solution for my prblm very fast .
 Vodafone store executive . .change . .my plan and wrong information...my bill increase . . I am fifteen years using Vodafone . ..I worked alsi..Vodafone . .hecheated . .so..I never pay that amount . ?.I want vayour..or discount.otherwise . ..I disconnected . ..my connection . .Thank you
 10 satisfied
 Q2 - 5 (depends on outcome) Q3 - 8
 Your store is fine... . your network is horrible.. . no value for money .....correct the network in manipal NBQ hostel......frequent call drops and fluctuations . If not we will move to a better network. .
 I cann't say anything  Thanks
 It was horrible experience .i visited three times in ur dalhousi store to change from post to pre paid service but returned with empty hand.ur executive
 Very good service, nice welcome by ur executive and got my card activated within 1 hr
 Then solve my problem 1st . Recommending comes after that !
 Okay
 . 10
 Very satisfied
 What about Q2 and Q3? Regards, Ar AnindyaB
 Very satisfied
 Ur service is very good
 Can I apply for one more connection
 U people never give proper service so my no is 0
 2nd&3rdQ - same and.. .
 Good
 Excellent service... .
 Dear customer, we have received the request for SIM replacement of your mobile number 8358062510, please call on 111 immediately or visit nearest store if you have not raised it .
 Listen i had opted for 199 plan while taking my card but While entering the data in ur computers u did mistake nd for that we have to suffer nd i got a bill of 3000 which im not going to pay if i get a revise bil of around 325 thn nly il pay it or else im not gonana pay it   The same thing happened with my dadThis is the worst card i have ever seen
 Vodafone has many counters to attend their customer but only few are operational . And moreover they prefer to do some paper work than to attend their customer and make them wait without any reason .
 So Please make my problem solved .
 I visit to buy lost sim ask to reacharge 50 rs for change i wait 30 mnts pls keep change in cash counter
 Not a very good experience from vodafone after having relationship of almost 6 years . 1. Vodafone store not able answer any of my question 2. Vodafone corporate care does not stick to their words 3. Not yet got reply from vodafone corporate care since mailed 5 days back 4. Customer care not able to give relationship manager no 5. Customer care executive just passing the ball by saying call to 9830098300 as he was not able answer my questions.. . etc.. .
 10. Very Satisfied .
 10(very satisfied)
 While the network is comparably good, attitude of your team at store has deteriorated . I think he is Mr. chandan, he was screaming at some customer before me and when my turn came to pay the bill he was chitchatting with someone without paying attention . I had to raise my voice for my work but who would come to your store to fight ? But about an year back when i went there i think he was the same guy, who was really pleasent and happy to help us .
 I initially went to the mini store and was said to come with photographs as well which I think is not valid; I was not asked for any photos at the vodafone store
 Staff is always courteous , welcoming and helpful
 I am using vodafone since more then 12 years, but recently i m facing many problems . Vodafone Gallery staff couldn't solve my problem . I have to give sam
 ain and again to store for a minor request . I had such experience many a times. .
 No feedback, No Resolution, To much confusion among customer care, Pathetic service so far
 I feel good ur customer satisfaction, intraction etc
 Your staff are well informed and they deal with every issue meticulously . Moreover they are very polite , helpful and pleasant.Will request alp my friends to visit your Nizampura store .
 I had to visit 2 stores but the work got done at Goregaon centre . Work went through smoothly .
 Vodafone is best .
 10.he explained me all plans very smoothly and in detail.he talks with me very sympthatically .
 We had to request multiple times after our visit to get our address changed.. . they used to take our complaint and later revert by sms that request cannot be completed . Again we will complain, and later we shall know that request wasn't completed . .it was moving to same loop multiple times.Our friend inVodafone escalated our issue then only your executive resolved the issue . ..
 I dealt with other service providers at different cities my interaction with u is better in many respects
 i have made payment of my postpaid no . Before the bill date , still u have barred my data services (again 2nd time) i am really disappointed by your services .. my data card is still left but i am not able to use it because of you guys .
 Nine
 Staff is very helpful
 nice service
 Being senior citizen given good response
 No one gave me proper reply and I don't want to stay with your network (vodafone) any more .
 Execellent
 This is really a bad experience .i got d worst experience of porting my no from one service to another . .my no was deactivated for insufficient proof ofproblems.finally they activated my no after a long term dramma .(field verification) .none of ur agent hd come to my residence or did any so called verififield verification for 17days . I visited 4times to Vodafone store ,each time they assured me that no will be activated in next 72 hours . I faced a lot ofcation.but they cleared my verification by calling to my alternate mobile no.then why did i suffer for 17 days! I am sorry to say.. . This is a worst experience .
 Ur peoples r not trying to resolve the problem.they r trying to avoid the costumers .they r not ready to work.no use of vodafone care.am sure tat am gonna to change the network once my data plan get over.. .
 Employees are very cooperative n polite n helping in solving our problems
 People overc there was really helpful . Very friendly..patiently heard my problem and they sorted my issue with the phone..thanx
 Good and fast services improve your telephonic customer care system
 I recharged with rs 147 when I got the offer of 1000mb for 28days but I got only 500mb and my problem still persists . Please address my issue .
 I was satisfied and happy with the customer service
 For a simple chanhe of ownership I had to visit the store several times . Each time i was provided with a portion of information . The staff . They are nottrained at all . Above all this the manager of store is really arrogant and has no manners on how to deal withba customer . I was harassed by ur staff andI will be porting all my 10 vodafone postpaid numbers shortly .
 Prompt service . Humble approch
 It was very good, and friendly
 Pleasant Place To Visit, Right From My Entry Into The Place U R Assisted, Pleasant Staff, Problems Always Solved For Mutial Benifit . Keep It Up.
 To the point discussion, easy-to-understand explanation, least documentation, warm and happy conversation, quick implementation, That's it! !
 Please improve your network and 3G speed
 Ans 3 - 5 neither satisfied nor dissatisfied
 Last time also you asked me reasons for my dis-satisfaction . I gave them to you but got no response from you . So why should I waste my time again ?
 Thanking you
 Have been complaining almost since a year regarding Vodafone network problem at my residence & other places in Vapi & even outside Vapi . The problem isjust increasing & there is no solution from your Vodafone store too regarding the same . Signal just drops anytime completely & is weak everywhere . Specially at the residence I can talk only from the living room standing at the window or gotto walkout of the house to talk . It's highly irritating to stopall your work & rush outside to talk . I have decided to get my number ported to ides which has better services & network coverage . Vodafone store peoplesay they would place some device inside the house which would cover only few areas inside my residence .
 Very good attention for customers and helping behavior .
 I have changed that no . In postpaid on 15 nov but that no . Does nt be activated .i have also reached 2 times in ur store but i does nt get any kind of help from ur store .
 When we went to the Showroom , no senior staff came to help but put us to trainee staff , who did not know anything
 aiver activated ? Its illogical and not acceptable .
 1.I got a delayed response from them
 Excellent
 No specific reason
 No quick respond... . Some speck very rude to customers... . No proper resolution... . Customer satisfaction is completely zero... . Especially kormangala store service sucks.... .
 rvice .. nightmare to call
 Exec was very unprofessional... . didn't recd ny clarification fr my network issue while using 3G....got charged fr outgoing when I was in roaming even atthe time of connection ur agent pitched that thr vl be no charge fr outgoing calls in roaming like roaming vl b free within maharashtra n goa fr both incominh n outgoing
 The person at vodaofone store (raj kiran) was respectful and he understands the customers . All the best offers for the various classes of people are provided by him .
 Please help me
 Kind cousytmer service
 Ten
 Any visitor to your Thane store has to wait for a minimum period of 45 mins to one hour before he/she is attended . This kind of waiting is not acceptable
 00310030003000310037060C00340032
 Awsumly *** grls
 The wrks ovr thr ws vry rude sply some grl reenu
 After wasting my 30 minutes, i was told to go to the next vodafone outlet . I went there and one man assisted me for making cash payment on automatic mach
 Service of Mr. Abhinav was very satisfactory 10
 Customer interaction is good but u guys will say whatever(giving wrong info) to sell your product. Regarding i had registered a compliant n expcting a call back from u, but i got a text that i was unreachable while u called, which shows how poor your network in city like udupi.. . even if was not reachableu have my alternative no . So u can call to that no . Also, y u simply telling me that i am platinum customer ? Is that how u treat your customers ?
 Don't again dare to ask me about your network I will wait for another month and if next month also I get a bill which is more than what I use I will proceed legally through consumer court
 Thanks
 Its really a cery babdal ...third class service provided by vodafone .if more want to know than call me than i ll prove
 Very satisfied
 Good reception
 I WILL BE FULL STATISFIED
 I was charged Rs.85 for a sim replacement at saibaba colony Vodafone store . When I enquired about that they made a top up for Rs.70
 neither Vodafone cares for customers neither their customer care executives got good sense to talk ,,,, after long association with Vodafone ( 12 years)I am moving to Airtel from next month
 I had a simple request and was told about a lot of rules and why they couldn't help me when the very caption says HAPPY TO HELP
 Not genus staff in your shop
 I am nt happy with vodaphone network.i ll shift the network
 Becoz never use internet how bill like this i dot no
 Plz try 2 change the store timings !! 11 am is 2 late I think !!
 HSR branch go for anti racism classes . If you wish to know which staff it was, check the staff rotar for booth A at 10.55 AM.
 Thanks
 Store people not respond professionally . No receipt for bill payment .
 He didn't wast the time thats y :)
 Staffs are irresponsless and behaviors and hard speech are not good for customer care plz to take action
 I like vodafone but i want more offers for my number
 Excellent no more words.. .
 I've recharge on 30 nov 2014 for the bonus card of 301 for blackberry . I've visited every day to your store . Even today I've recharge for the on 12:40 pm . But still my services has been not started yet .
 No words to express
 Very dissatisfied
 The people in the showroom were good and helping.but my duplicate sim which I got from there took 2 days to activate,in between I had to call 2times to customer care to activate my sim
 As I hv not got my dsta pack hw may I to be satisfied ?
 Bad Service . No one could explain why my SIM Card expires and why I need to buy a new one . I would buy a new one, but since it requires me to go throughthe whole registration process again (Photo, Residential approval) I rather switch to a different provider . Thanks .
 So they not care costumer
 First when i had gone to your store and told him my problem they said you will charged just 25 rs then you will got new sim with the same number but wheni went to get the sim they charged rs 100
 Your agent told me that it's my location problem... . But it is occur every where....location is katargam
 0 Thanks and regards-auto zone
 Ur service is best .
 There must be ways to block IMEI no with the service provider
 friendly, accamodating and prompt service .
 O
 Customer service is very good
 But still my issue is not yet resolved
 I hav already moved to Airtel on my iPad..coz of his behavior !! !
 0(Very unlikely)
 I haveveryless time
 Nice
 But, I want to switch over from my connection from post paid to prepaid and already I have applied for that . Although voda phone service is o.k . like oth
 Very satisfied
 I am not satisfy
 All111
 Dheeraj G associate terminate ok ..den ask me next question ok
 Every thing is cool please improve data plans
 0 staff less and everyone showing there attitude without any reason
 Helpful and concerned
 Your staff were not able to explain why my bill was so high . My services were cut when I was travelling abroad .
 Seriously look into these issues
 Network super vada phone service is excelent
 It's quite good
 I have a question would u answer me My plan is 299 ppan and I am using ur application which shows 400 bill? ?
 Sure
 8.5/10
 simply changing call rate without information
 Good
 Very satisfied
 I got a Message from Vodafone that is Recharge with RC-40 GET Full talktime but till now i didn't full talktime..Can i know reason please. .
 very satisfied-10
 On .
 Thank you so much
 I am not going to recommend it to any body . I myself planing to pory my number to another company
 Sorry.I was fully satisfied.pl ignore my earlier message . Amar Mehreja
 Your showroom does'nt have Tamil in your Machine.. .
 As you know from when Iam using your service,say about 5to8 months before had network problem but not now good service .
 I am giving u 9
 10 awesome knowledgeable person mr.magesh Kumar exe
 First improve your 3G network,if i switch on 3G not even getting signal,i'm highly disappointed with the same . Currently i'm planning to move other network but there is no option till 90 days .
 My query was resolved
 Very satisfied
 0053006D006F006F00740068002C00200051007500690063006B002C0026002000520065006C006900610062006C0065002E00730079007300740065006D0061007400690063002E
 Good
 Actually I have problem with Vodafone Internet in my area plz solve this problem
 Pathetic and indifferent attitude
 s shocking for your existing customer as harassment . I was made to wait for more than 1 hour for this . Hence I want to discontinue with your company .
 Token system not ok, but staff was good
 Your service is not good . I want stop the service .
 Executive z very helpful .. luvd d atmosphere at the store. .
 The executive was really professional and has a good product knowledge
 Exillent service and workman are found .
 I just want nano sim with replace my old sim I gave copy of pan card they told me for original.. . but u already have my record with photo then why want original
 Overall unsatisfy because my network problem not solve and reason given by store is my nuber vodafone rest of bengal not kolkata:(:(
 Work is going in a systematic manner there . I had given a nice responce by the employees and they solved my problem very soon .
 Promises made by the store were not kept
 When i enter i neva hve to wait...i go strt to amar n he is v polite n efficient n attends to me imm
 Today morning I went to the Vodafone outlet at mhapsa to change my connection from post paid to pre paid, but I was informed that I have to wait for 3 months which was surprising hence I decided to disconnect it but again to my surprise I was informed that I have to wait for 3 months . Now I'll be submitting a written request to disconnect my post paid connection . It is disheartening to see that we are taken for a ride . We take your services we do not sell our self to you
 I was fully satisfied by the counter staff
 I was satisfied by the counter staff
 My phone was asked for by your people and the exact reason of my query was not given
 'm very happy to use this network . But some time 'l get irritate by network problem at SHIGLI. some ur associates told me to fit BOOSTER. but stil they didnt fit that booster . Stil we r getting network proble at that area . So again 'm kindly requesting u al Pls fit that booster and solve our problem .
 dafone being a customer of yours' for almost 9 years and now I have almost lost faith on your service .
 Behavior,speech and manner very gud ( excellent) .
 He didnt gave me appropiate relayed to my prob while other store at shyambazar was ready to help with same issue but unfortunately i reached after 7 pm ;
 Very friendly and quick service i am happy and satisfied to visit vodafone store . Thank you
 I got my sim activated quickly without any follow up .
 Proffessional n compassionate attention .
 Speed of 3 G is very slow though i had a 10 GB plan
 I am 72 no resption on desk behabior is goof
 Shall I get anything extra from your side ?
 Good experience
 Neha goes out of her way to help customers .
 e problem.I am with your company since last 20 years right from the time it was owned by Hutch and to get such a response is very heart breaking.... .
 Not co-operative at all I am ur customer since 2007.After waiting for 30 minutes I was instructed to come again on a flimsy pretext . Amitabha Ray
 Amzing exprnce wid vodafone... . i m happy to having vodafone
 Same as SIM 1 comment .
 More staff with more experience like Ms Jayasree, would be highly appreciated please .
 First of al Associates take their own time .
 The service was very efficient .
 The executive was not ready to show the settings he has made my mobile . His answer was not satisfactory .
 My problem could not be solved at the center even after being with ur staff for over 15 mts . 2 WCC card purchased at rate of Rs700 each are not serving the meant purpose . There is automatic deduction from balance even before the ISD calls materialising . This is nothing but . CHEATING the customers .
 No comments
 I got required cooperation .
 Very freindly
 Very very good
 care again and made it active by giving new sim no
 All my Q's were well answered & my wk . was done in this visit . All were very polite, co-operative n helpful to me . Thanks,+God Bless .
 The associate didn't look like she knew anything and had all the attitude in the world .
 Over all good
 e place to sit
 0056006F006400610066006F006E002000770072006F006E0067002000620069006C006C0069006E0067002000630061007500730065006400200067007200610076006500200069006E0063006F006E00760065006E0065006E00630065
 You without my knowledge activate the plan of 750/- and didn't gave clarity towards the same.... .
 Smiling face and good hospitality while talking to each and every customers nearly 300 a day . ESpecially Mr Javed .
 aid i.e.without recycling .
 I appreciate your approach towards seniour citizen , but my request is that keep only one special counter for sr . Citizen, so other customer will get service fast .
 Thanks
 Your Helpine - need to talk to a rep. IVR is of no help
 Anyone can sell one's product, but service after sale is really more important .
 Fast device,total 5 mins Wrt int .
 good comunicatio
 What's the problem in you Internet service
 Overloaded and crowded office . Need to have more space, may be more staff . Regards Devendra Arolkar
 I love the services of vodafone
 Salim khan atten ded me for no . Not visible on rs . 100 card purchas ed thru vendor . He did all the nee dful himself very promptly .
 I visited your store to change my plan but its not done . Your store associate provide me 1 email add to do so .
 Useless
 The service was bad just like ur network .
 fied with Vodafone service .
 Long wait time and no supervision around AHT of staff
 A boy was vary friendly talking with me . and satisfied me . Good
 My 3g was deactivated when I changed the plan without intimation to me
 Iam very happy with the way the store executive was talking to me and understood my issue quickly,Iam expecting my data plan issue will get resolve quickly.... .
 THIS WAS MY FIRST EXPERIENCE TO VODAFONE ND I LOVE YOUR RELATION VT CUSTOMERS. PLZ DON'T HARSH YOUR CUSTOMERS
 I love vodafon i'm tottaly satisfied
 VODAFONCHA PLAN HOTA KI 10 PAISA MIN PAN ATACHA MASSAGEMADHE 40 PAISA MIN AHE PLZ CLEAR KARA
 No internet service is available for last so many days/ months . Even today . what is the use of all this sweet talk alone with non service .
 My problem was not solved
 Major Net work issue at Malabar Hill .
 Very prompt service
 Regarding to my bill I have not started any service and Vodafone charged 359 rs which I didn't use y i give that money . Yesterday I called in the no . 9930099300 They didn't answered
 It is too much crowded
 Thanks
 This is what I felt
 I had questions and they dealt with it professionally without wasting my time, thats the reason
 I had to visit your store 4 times .
 I already made my payment through credit card before the due date and the transaction has been processed twice, but still Vodafone says it's not been paid . I went to vodafone store personally and explained them and showed them the proof of amount that has been deducted and still the associates asked me toget the copy from the credit card issuer bank about the transactions, to which i said OK...and after 30 mins when i left the store my connection has been deactivated . Also, to add to the problem considering vodafone to be the best and most reliable, i had another connection about a month ago for which ireceived my first bill and due to some reason i activated my new sim card but i started using my new card after some 20 days, so, i have used my new simcard for only about 10 days for which i received bill over 700 rs...when i asked about it the associate on the store says that you don't have data plan on your acct, to which i clearly remember opting for data plan because i have iphone and to that she says that it is my fault . I said there is a mistakefrom your side because i don't fill that form where you select plans . All in all it was very bad experience and also i was made to wait for about an hourin the morning when the store opens because all the employees were not present and there were only few of them to help .
 No comment
 Lack of manpower . Likely untrained staff . No concept of customer service . No way to escalate the matter . 5 counters and 3 active personnel . Inadequate knowledge of of services . All of your staff needs training in handling customers . And also need of inculcating the service importance.Unworthy of staff of Vodafone inc.
 Help was quick
 Service is not very satisfactory
 I got my problem properly addressed Got proper reply and my problem solved
 Too busy and hence no chance to explain and converse with consultant . Not friendly to foreigners
 Everyone's aproch was very good, they tried to understand my problem . Thanks .
 Please increase counter
 Very nice and good process of costemer and solve the problem quikly
 Staff not supportive enough and very arrogant
 was interesting aspect .
 I am Sr Citizen,I receive best Service in Store with proper time.Today I am satisfied with Mr.Harshal best Service
 best network . with best coustemer service .
 Fast service, happy to help
 The executive s are late . They suggest to buy sim other than solving the problem . 4 desks r there .only 3 were sitting .
 Service is very slow, have to wait in the queue for small queries, no help desk .
 Satisfied? ? Are you fuckung kidding me?? ?
 Vodafon is begar
 Satisfied
 It's a amazing company,luv u.
 Reduce your call drop...bogus 2g data service. .& many others.if that continius i will surely port in next mnth .
 Nine out of ten rating
 Sorry I have no time Pls inform my latest bill amount
 very caring ,quick in troubleshooting ,pleasant atmosphere in store with pretty good music
 The staff was courteous & cooperative without any showoff . Even the manager was humble . When she came out & saw a lonely senior citizen lost in the dim she went to him & enquired if she cd help him . If I hv visited ur gallery 500 times then ths was my most pleasant experience . Infact u shd arrange a felicitation in by calling me in presence of customers to motivate staff & instill confidence in customers . Adv.Salim G.Nakhwa
 Coz i went thr for nano sim nd it was instantly given to me nd the same was activated within 1hr
 Informed that the card will be activated with in 4 hour's . Till now not activated .
 Great keep it up .
 Team is very customer friendly
 Final counter takes too long due to queue
 Good pickup
 Noting only should things about improved waiting area .
 Service was very fast, cooperative, it was not crowdy
 I ve been with vodafone for last 5 years. . I ve never faced any problem regarding network or bill issue. . It was always addressed by vodafone whenever icomplain about anything avout the connection.. . Thanks. .
 The service was proactive hence was happy to see customer centric employees
 As I earlier mentioned she was harsh n making me fool . I wanted to talk to ur senior she told me u can't
 Vdfn servise very excellnt
 I am satisfied with your service
 The service was good and my problem was solved immediately and efficiently .
 Behaviour towards customer is not good according toh me by some executives .
 Why you wants the comments when you people don't want to talk improve your services
 My request was resolved immediately . The agent is friendly and helped me correctly .
 Very good reciving.as soon as possible they resolve our problems .
 Good behaviour, knows the job, good hospitality,what more you can expect.... .
 I m asr.ctzn &hav 2 wt . Longer than cxptd . Stil staf was very helpfl . thanks for my views .
 There was a long wait People r very rude Do not explain in detail till one inquires again and again
 Promt polite co oparative ur excecutive who attended me .
 Ur Internet charge for 3g is very high .  Network problem .
 Keep the smiling attitude like this way . But unfortunately your NETWOK coverage is not satisfying and call drop has increased lately .
 No issues
 Good
 If my problem could be resolved on the spot instead of May be resolved by evening - my rating could have been higher
 U r signaling system is very poor.. .
 Faster, Smarter and Better .. .
 You have stopped priority for senior citizens
 Pls give information correctly .
 Good associate
 Very satisfied
 Your people does not know how to talk to customer . I had visited ur dalhousie unit and had worst exp . You people blackmail the customer . Will file FIR in consumer court .
 Accuracy of info .
 Very satisfied
 Can't explain it in text . It will go to n no . Of pages . Very bad service
 Plz help , before some time, my internet is not working properly
 Very nice .
 27 ka rc karaya us me 100 mb 3g deta milna tha wo nhi mila... .
 Thanks and thanks Mr. Arvind
 Because I don't know how long will this help survive .
 It's just the right way to reach your customers with personal touch
 I came for a replacement of my SIM to micro SIM but the SIM was out of stock . So again I have to go to the office.so I was disappointed .
 Thanks
 store associated are not attending properly . I am sitting in front of them and they are looking here and there... .
 Attractive way of solving issues N nicely handled problem
 Sure .
 Totally good but please improve the knowledge of store associate about tarrif change .
 When i get Vodafone store, i got all my confusion clear . And all the problems are been solved within 10 mins time . Your representatives are talk with thecustomer very decent manner . Service is awesome .
 You deducted 28.00 unnessesory on 26 nov . Pl . refund the amount .
 Nitish s garg I m fully satisfied with ur service
 Very positive and satisfying assistance .
 Having a good service from ur network... .
 I am generally happy with your service . However I would like you to help me by curbing the frequent phone calls I receive from vodaphone such as 911408....etc .
 There is no one is care about customer value and no responsible result or proper reasons every time saying different type of solutions and once visit saying wait 10 min after that ask another one his saying go there hi solve but last his saying useless solutions total employees saying different solutionsabout one problem better services then vodafone is air tel store
 Very positive and satisfying assistance .
 Satisfied
 Very nice experience
 THANK YOU
 Services are really good. . I was attended without any delay . The store associate was polite and cooperative .
 Questions . No 4 Prompt replies and service by Ankita -your counter executive 10
 Immediate service troublefree and also a glass of water.tks
 I like vodafone because everything is quickly
 Excellent service on Vodafone
 Associate needs to be more courteous . Disconnection of number/final settlement bill should be done at the store level instead of asking customers to sendmail which thereby delays the whole process .
 Persons,whom I mate were very efficient and helpful and resolved all problems .
 Very polite staff and well informed . Very clean outlet .
 estion is where u bought the number . Then their answer is they cant do the service
 I had a very great exerience with the customer associate n the vodafone store & was also glad to get a very g|d response from them specially rakhi she isvery helpful & supportive as well .
 Vary bad experience
 Good job by executive miss sweta, very cute n nice smile.. .
 Sunte nahi ek dusre ki taraf isara.. .
 Yes
 Vodafone has always been my first priority for telecom..awesome service
 They were just doing their daily job and not too enthusiastic
 Change your stupid policies . I just wanted Postpaid to prepaid conversion . Just because I'm from Maharashtra circle they want me to travel 1.5 hrs to Vasai for the same . It's not feasible . I don't want circle change . I just wanted post to pre within the same circle .
 Not giving importance to retain customer...i am using this num for 8 years...now no portability is there, so I thought switching to top n/w
 In Case Of Sim Replacement
 Very good
 Received all my documents for sim replacement and they are telling that we dont have sim stock such big service center but no sim available
 Very very poor network
 The overall experience of mine with Vodafone has been good . Vodafone caters to a broad range of customers needs .
 good service
 They said they will do call..still there is no call. . I nid their call urgently
 I do recommend vodaphone user to visit this store for prompt service .
 It was good service exp, in yr store,points i would recomend 8 points,
