 Good service from suradhi
 Call cost is too high . Net speed is good but Net charges are too high . I want Low call charges . Thank You.
 The overall exp . Was gud....as it is near to my place i prefer vodafone..secondly the services provided by the store ppl were gud n aapreciable
 I am happy with the service
 Satisfying service of my needs... .
 Now I feel it's very poor service . My Vodafone red plan is still not activated .
 The person at desk C was stupid . Was not helpful at all . Also did not speak with respect to customers coming to him .
 You're not helpful . Period .
 Good
 Problem should be solved . The customer should not go out from the store in a feeling that y did i chose vodafone
 Hrasment and wrong balance deduction
 o serve the customer in better way to experience as a good .
 Being human
 Answer was not acceptable .
 Excellent services
 Good experience
 My work was over in a min I am happy the way they respond thank you
 Had a good experience with your representative and hoping for my problem to be resolved as soon as possible
 They are very friendly and giving us require information
 Wel over al good ...just keep this service as it is
 Poor Regards Vinay
 No need, salt will turn into sugar .
 I am very satisfied overall SERVICE EXPERIENCE in our Vodafone store, good job
 Im not happy with your service . my traffp plan has been changed with out my notice . they told me that they will give a gift after 3 months . till i didnot recived any gift . Your service is wast
 When I pleased request to change my monthly plan they received and processed in front of me and told me to wait for 4days but upto 8days I didn't recieved any call from u. Then I again visited to store and told them to check the status then they know the request has rejected by the approval team but aboutthe cancellation I didn't know . But after pleased second time request then they solved the issue .
 Good
 If my name on my monthly bills is not corrected, I may be forced to rate a bad experience
 Sorry it's 4
 Person who attending customer was taking her personal calls regularly, no interst in customer
 in 2 hrs
 They were least interested in retaining the customer who is there for 10 years and they were ok when I told I want no portability..for one name change Abe atleast visited store 3timesNot satisfied and have opt for no portability
 Vodaphone staff can't speak english
 Please give training to ur executive regarding the information
 I was wishing to change my card postpaid to prepaid I m not satisfied with Vodafone billing plans
 I had to visit 4tyms for gettin one job done . Each tym d person who assistd me, said different things . I think some of d people employed, themselves dntknow wat to do n what not to . It was a vry bad experience n i was very disappointed by your services .
 O.
 Good service could be better
 Everything at vodafone store is good enough... . but my problem isn't solved... . Hence problems should be solved with immediate effect as possible.... .
 :-I
 I am facing ywo issues 1st one is related as sim card is not working it is resolved by kuldeep in a very efficient way . 2nd problem is related to changecug group from hcl to accenture but still it is not consider by any of your resource.I wrote mail a lot of time but still facing this issue I think if this problem is not resolved by Vodafone then either I have to port my number or I have to raise an ITR for the same .
 Very good experience of the service avaiked
 Whenever i visit d okhla store, i take data help from executive . He is an absolute pleasure to interact .
 Staff was very helpful and they understood my problems and gave instant solutions . Eager to help and very nice to talk to
 All the Vest Vodafone . Appreciating viman Nagar store associate Dinesh foe friendly nature and hard working attitude.God Bless everyone. . HAPPY NEW YEARTO THE WHOLE TEAM
 My Gprs pack was disconnected without my permission or knowledge . No explaination was received .
 The agents at Vodafone gallery should be better informed, quicker to help . Corp connection should be handled on dedicated counters .
 Q2 - 10
 It was good experience as wanted new nano SIM card I was attended promptly and everything was done quickly I got my SIM card and I was out in no time staff was good
 My problems were understood by Ravi and right plan to suit my usage explained . Plan change was done as we were discussing and text also received on my phone . Your guys were happy to help !
 Outlet manager does'nt have knowledge about vodafone services,he has not provided what i need
 I felt that the reps could be more courteous and take customer's queries seriously .
 Its awesome atmosphere there all members are of helping nature and friendly and able to sort out any problem as soon as possible I am impressed
 N
 It's just that things were good people were helpful
 Attending person was very efficient, knew exactly what to do . I found her extremely patient in dealing with difficult persons
 Ambience could have been better; long waiting time; the Store Associate didn't respond to all my questions .
 best
 Good
 special service and value added services .
 willing to help.. . Treating customer so well .
 Bad
 Pretty good experience Vodafone is the best Nothing like it
 Gud service & prompt action on my query
 Main reason for such ratings is that the executive at the store always try to force on every issue to take unnecessary plans and constantly does cross questions irrespective of customer need and problems
 People at reception more interested in gossiping.executive could not resolve the issue.token numbers not being honoured by executives .
 There is miss communication between coordinator and employee . And there is no good scheme for the 10 yr old user of Vodafone .
 They are just not ready to accept a complain also . Completely disappointed with the store's response
 I felt so and that should be all I'm sure. . Why do I have to justify my ratings with reasons ?? Anyway. . If you insist, there are 2 important reasons which are quite evident 1. All my criteria and requirements were fulfilled 2. The customer associate Mr. Sujoy Basu was extremely helpful and solved allmy issues
 After service is very good ,satisfied
 You help us at your best so you deserve 10 but 2 days before one no disturbed as vodafone service and you have not take step against him so 9
 Good service
 Actually they commit me that they give me discount on bill 400..
 Last time I visited store person dealing understood the problem quickly and moved the complaint . But the issue is still to be solved . On previous occassion I put a problem but the person dealing asked me to come afterward . I went again promissed to solve the issue but still sending . Better talk personally .
 Executive was rude . Need smiling face when attending queries .
 Very helpful your person
 Was made to wait inspite of just one customer and 5 counters for almost 20 minutes .
 Good understanding.and comminucation
 Full Guidence not given in one stroke .
 Being your customer for the last 15 yrs, this visit made us feel that our relationship should continue for the nxt 30 yrs .
 adequate response
 Yes each n every time i got 'Superb' co-operations in storer And heartly say to thank you to Prakash Sir . He gave me every time right information and cooperative . Thank you .
 Based on the overall experience
 Because i got instant resolution for the problems
 Very dissatisfied
 Becoz, they are taking much more time to solve any problems .
 Good
 Brillaint
 I was refused to have my sim exchanged as it was showing under someone else's name but the id proof and photo were mine . This is for number 9711596199.
 was near closing time and the staff were courteous . The service I availed was activated before the estimated time .
 It was good experience . I misunderstood the question . Saras .
 They were rude to me .. There attitude was bad towards me. . They should really focus on there job .. rather than chit chatting wit each other..reli didnhelp ma at all. .
 ms.Farhana ws very helpful and she understood the whole problem and hs told us tht the problem shud be solved by tue (28/12/14) its a peculiar case that
 Radiculos service nt able to resolve a simple request which is pending frm past 3 months, i should have given rating in minus that would be -10
 It was very comfortable, and there was clear conversation, and there nice expirence your store, anyways thank you for vodafone store for helping us.. .
 The experience was good but the information was not given completely at one go . So I had to make three trips to the service centre .
 I was charged . Rs . 326/- as download chrgs in bill dated 25-Nov-14, which I did not download . I visited the store on 4-Dec-14. The executive promised waiver and asked to pay Rs.640/- which I did . Then 5 times I visited u r store, which was just waste of time . Store manager is the idiotic person I ever interacted . I m writing to appellate too abt the same .
 **** *
 He was very helpfull nd understandable executive he give me proper assitanse thanks once again for his valueable support
 Whenever I visit the store there is always a long queue . All the store associates are busy with other things though there is a long queue waiting . It tooks around 2 hours to get your turn . Visiting a vodafone store hence suitable for non working persons . Even the store xerox machine was also not functioning . Store associates misdirect the customers and after that when you start questioning then they solve the problem . At the end vodafone stores are totolly useless for me .
 I AM GOING TO MY NATIVE THAT IS NOT COVERAGE of network
 Every time I travel to Indore, there is no internet connection till I land back at mumbai . Its a big pain with Vodafone and ur ppl are of no help .
 Your new store was very good, executive Sayali was speaking very nice, and did my work very fastly .
 1. I could get all the issues sorted out . 2. Mr.Pravin gave a patient hearing to all our needs . He took the extra step in fullfilling the requirements .
 It's worth ..
 they said "I can't help you . I can't do anything ."
 Service with smile, slight delay in service.. .
 My work was done within a period of time .. . I got very nice service from your store .. . I expect same service further... .
 Plz improve d standard of ur service
 Store associate pooja was helpful and understood my query gave prompt and apt solution without wasting time .she was updated with all plans reqd
 Better knowledge
 Customer care service is very very poor
 I am not very satisfied with Vodafone as I was given a more expensive scheme despite telling them not to do so....store exp is ok .
 The service was good. .
 Bad experience no anu to costemer satyfaid and no offers and discount youer parson vary confuj
 Why your security guards teach customers to operate the mechines .
 Teach the store manager to be polite and understanding . Follow some guidelines to interact with customers . Maintain authenticity and genuine in providinfeel honest and Trust on you.g the details . The way you are telling the call charges is different from the billing charges . I feel so sick with your data and call centre . I don't
 Your store person supported me to get my lost mobile number with in short time . And his responds also good . Keep it up your valid service .
 I got the information that I was looking for.. .
 I am satisfied with your service further you maintain it and your cce in vodafone store given all answer and made me satisfied one more thind which i want to make clear that can u please send me the no which i have been given to be free as per your plan that i can have free calling in aperticuller vodafone no which i have been given
 Firstly your 3g data packs r to costly.I had bad talk with your customer executive .
 I bought a prepaid sim card, it took 10 hours to get it activated; amd the Vodafone Store staff was clueless and they made me waiste my time.. .
 If a person talks on the ivr then one need not even visit your store . Supervisor, jagjit is not fit to be a floor manager as he could have diffused the situation but he choose not to . He also told me as I am not a priority customer I have to wait for my turn and he will not be able to help .
 I like all services provided by Vodafone store . I am happy that's why I give such good rating .
 it was such a good treatment at ur outlet and they served the best on my account,feeling priviliged and more than happy to share this .
 Gud experince
 When I reached vodafone store I came to know my connection would be disconnected if I do not transfer it to someone else's name . When I enquired furtherthe customer executive made me feel that i am irritating her . I did not get full clarification of my queries .
 Very good service . No comments .
 The vodafone staff at lower parel are unfriendly, they were unable to provide me with a new micro sim with a reason that they dont have my document details in their system . The vodafone gallery kept me waiting for 45 minutes to meet the executive and finally my token number 211 was attended and i was informed abt the unavailability of my details . I have been a loyal customer of urs and sticked to vodafone service since 2003.Kindly assist me . Thanks
 ole thing must not have taken more than 15 minutes
 After paying bill u have taken 4 to 5 days to start receiving incoming calls
 The customer and associate ratio is too great . Vodafone needs to provide more associates in their stores .
 Sadhik at the himayatnagar store was excellent in explaining me all my questions
 Your Vodafone store is so gud ...plz promote gurdeep madam... .
 Quick service and friendly customer service .
 No complaints .
 When i entered there was power cut inside the gallery so it took a long time
 AAPKI TARAF SE KAHA GAYA BINA LINE LAGAYE KAM HOGA AESA NAHI HUA.TEEN DHAKKA KHANA PADA. BAAT RAF TARIKE SE KIYA.
 This is my 3rd visit to your store and still the Vodafone Red migration is not successful . This time also I was assured that it would be resolved in 24 hours, but I got a regret SMS as earlier within 2 hours of my visit . Does anybody at Vodafone have any clue how to solve it, and does anybody have the sense to escalate it to the next higher level, if they can't solve it . The customer has to face different people each time at the same level without any resolution .
 Did they know anything ? When I ask anything they all go for a group discussion . For their little knowledge, I had to keep waiting almost 2.5 hrs (2hrs first day, 0.5 hrs second day) and my yielding is nothing . Why don't you increase no of stores based on no customers ? I heard somebody that day saying "BSNL offer better Cust serv . than u" That's also define level of satisfaction .
 Good work
 Happy with token system
 My overall experience was great :-) All staff is very good & they prove that Vodafone is Happy to help
 Good staff great ambience prompt service
 I receive duplicate sim89910194000007213242 not active please help me .
 Good experience... .
 Very satisfied
 Service was excellent but my problem still remains . Even after changing SIM and remaining for about 2 hours the problem is not solved . I am unable to download any apps, even unable to open a file from my mail . Please do something immediately
 The store is too cosy and it has only two associates which is too less in comparison to the customers Vodafone has . So, at times it becomes difficult for
 The person had no reply to my queries i am getting calls to pay some one else's bill they have details but not ready to help
 Sometimes the executive at callcenter asks to visit store and store executive asks to tall to call centre . This is a big problem .
 Lack of commitment and communication . No contact no . For followup . Customer has to chase/revisit for solution.unable to satisfy . Poor
 Poor service
 to store
 ork . Your rep is not able to solve this . They do not have any solutions . I may have to chabge the service provider in few days .
 Good experience . . . . . Excellent service . . . .
 Very poor customer service, no legal information available, no information available at store and rudeness of highest order .
 Waiting time minimum snd ptompt response to my queries .
 Being a service provider, your team member should ask why you are not happy with the our service's and try to give them proper guidance with optional tariff plan
 No proper respons frm vodafone c.r.o's, connectins & Netwrks are good, but totally vodafone provids very poor customer service,
 I m going to vodafone store and not response my side & your vodafone store sitting in 5 tabal but only 1 tabal running..and takan no is not disply ...your led is very small & in case watch takan no so near by led..so bad.. .
 Super
 The problem is i have a query from a long time since no measures has been provided by you people . my number got barred, reason is non payment of bills .
 Good experience
 d that micro sim is available only on cash counter while there was no cash to be paid .
 I am still waiting to happen for what I have gone to store
 They were just friendly, went in dis my job and done
 YOUR SERVICE IS PATHETIC
 1st time vch i gt a good service....plzzz keep giving gud services.. .
 Your customer care and gallery people all are useless . They don't help customers and behave like saddists .
 Prompt and hassle free response .
 Good.waiting to be improved
 Naushad is real nem
 I got very good service
 The store staff are good . However, I have still not got a response for my query .
 Thank You for such a quick service that you have given me
 There is positive approach towards customer . They are attanding customer immediately and providing good technical support service to the customr .
 No proper response at Vodafone store. .:-) they are not polite. . :-) they made me to wait for 2 hrs with stupid reason
 My experience was totally dull with your executives bcz evryone tl me difrnt difrnt thngs abt d plans.frstly my sim transfer frm prepaid 2 postpaid widout my confirmation or any verification dts y m vry upset frm vodafone network,dts it i dnt wnt 2 tl any more abt ur ntwrk ,lastly i hate vodafn ntwrk nd mthnkng to port my ntwrk to any others ntwrk.. .
 It was an good experience as whatever information I required it was given
 You andestend ,a velyu of castamar times !! ! ?? ?
 Excellent Co-operative
 The representatives are not well trained on products n customer service .. Very poor customer service & improve your network coverage
 Satisfaction from service
 1) my new SIM card got activated with in _XX= 10 mins . On the same day my wife and I went to Airtel for her nano SIM and it took _XX=3 hrs to activate 2) the forms filling etc was easy and smoothly handled by the store executive herself . 3) the executive explained 'm-pesa' and created an a/c not taking much time and gave demo of using it 4) overall the exp looks very customer friendly Suggestion :- Many times the customer is not carrying a photo with them . a photo clicked by a phone / cam at the store + color print on the form itself can add to the customer delight
 Less nnumber of counters
 Keep up the good work
 My experience with Vodafone 3G internet has been horrible and very dis-satisfying..all the req settings were done as instructed and it still doesn't work. . I request my money is reimbursed .
 Because your executive is very gud solustion given me and solve my problem very fastly i m hapy with voadfone service in local town
 Service was awesome within hour of time my Internet pack got activated thanks to agent
 in flipkart
 The person did not listen to my issue and was not offering solutions . He did not show interest in helping and just wanted to get done with the interaction
 Please call me I will explain
 Firstly the concerned Executive was at coupon machine and issued me coupon for Sr . Citizen and called me immediately . He answered my queries promptly andgave appropriate advise .
 Your store associate MR. SUNNY is very good . He did a excellent job and solved my all queries .
 its location,chaotic waiting area & inadequate sitting arrangement to wait .
 twork for 3 to 4 days. . Later it came .. The call rate r high .
 Many found the Store associates rude and not 'happy to help'. I have nothing personal against any1. may be its the overload of work that's causing it .
 Try to improve in 3G data services
 Actually ur plan is very good but other charges soo high. . Really
 Good service
 Satisfactorily provided options and solutions to my requirement .  A bit more proactiveness would have scored a full 10.
 Greatservice
 i want to195 only
 1) The executive was friendly and understood my question immediately . Then he suggested a quick solution .
 Nice person
 Good & quick response for our quary .
 Very helpful.... . Good service
 n your network . I am feeling happy being a member of VODAFONE family .
 Manager at store not updated with system Manager had attitude she talk to me rudely I have to ask her for chair to sit , then I was offered stool to sitI ask for water , and I was there for 20 minute nobody bother for it . And many more .call me if u really want to know how pathetic is your store is............. .
 My visit to Vodafone was for getting a cheque re validated . Firstly I had to explain the reason which was annoying . Secondly the original cheque was taken from me and a service request number given to me . I was told it will take 30 days to get a new cheque ? 30 days to get back my money ? Really ? It's bad .
 Because after there visit my query also pending
 U R Qshn Is Best Qshn
 I am not geting my solution in vodafone store so i m disapointe with your service. .
 Hide charges, without informing extra services activated, no cooperative nature
 Awesome service given by your executive
 The association was very well did by ur associate . The service given to me was very accurate as said by ur associate
 Oss... . Nise work
 Since last 3 days am facing a problem with my mble internet and when am trying to call customer care they are asking to check in stores and when I went to stores they are not giving a proper response and a registration no was given when I forced the stores to put a mail to the department and the reg no is
 For your every question my reply is 0(not satisfied).... .
 Your associate is too good to satisfied with her service
 Staff are very co-operative with the customer.They remains always vigillance to help customer in any type of problem.They are very cordial in behaviour .
 Young workers in the store were v attentive and helpful .
 Kindly do something for range pb occurring for ur customers
 You should hv a qualifif expert of Blackberry expert at your every outlet
 No comments but service is good but one thing vodafone will not help for customers that the reason losing the customers
 SAREVICI NAGHT GOOD
 Thanks for help
 Fully satisfied
 Sunil the associate interected was proactive pstient calm and efficint .
 N C
 Average
 The staff were working very slow . They qere also attending customers out of turn . I have to wait nearly an hour . After repated request , i was attended .
 only one who provide "service" . Others wer just ignoring . Thnk u
 Prompt and to the point .
 given quick and happy respose to me for solve my quary
 Your staff were unprofessional
 Good
 I m very satisfied with this service
 Best experiens
 Ur representative are irresponsible it is my exp from 16th August 14 and thereafter in several visit to ur store They are sitting for harrasment insted of help . Yesterday she has told that ur request No will sent thro Message but still awaited and never will available it is regretful to ur services Can utell me about my plan offered by me yest day
 New sim not activated in 2 hours time as conveyed by executive
 Experience was good .
 Wonderful
 They're very lack of greetings on their face
 or token number arrivals . Later a person attended my problem and resolved but took time . few people were coming directly and asking about their problemsI visited store in belgaum but there was no interaction from executives . i had to wait for 10 min to start at counter . I generated token but no display f
 Overall experience was good except that they forced me to take an expensive plan with my new sim card by saying that no other option was available . How can such a big provider not have sufficient products in the store ?
 n element of arrogance which I disliked also attitude is unprofessional . Instead of try solving complain; they are just simply washing their hands offPersons sitting in your store are arrogant; and unprofessional . It is extremely difficult to contact your customer care executive and his reply too has a
 Your associate asked us to give the same address proof that I have given 3 years ago . I gave voter I'd card that was renewed last year . They denied to accept that . Said give older one . I was having another proof also . But they asked us to leave .
 excellent
 The associate in Vodafone store clarified my doubts and resolved the issues
 Cs not giving proper ans and not able to help us . I visit 5 times but still cs don't know its resolved or not so how can i trust you i was facing networkissue from last 3yr but still don't get resolved .
 IT WAS A INTERACTIVE DISCUSSION THAT HELPED ME TO UNDERSTAND VODAFONE RELATED MATTER
 I have always been helped n attented to whenever a problem .
 Your staffs at thanjavur store are very keen in customer satisfaction at the same time they are very loyal their company
 ect this type of poor service .
 Behaviour was good and solved the problem soon . Keep it up
 Not made to wait . Instant resolution of problem .
 Deduction of ps 4 of session from last 1 month and complaint 2 to3 times and personal visit also still at is deducted
 Overall satisfied however i had to wait for a while...rgds
 months now and it's been repeated over and over again .
 Associates do not know as what to do for a query . For every customer they walk up to someone stand there for 5 mins and understand what to do before theycome and clear your queries . This results in an avg of 15 min per customer . I had to wait for 2.5 hours in the store, despite having 7 customer associates and a branch mgr, to clear 15 customers. . I was 15th wen I entered .
 Waiting period is too long even for sr.citizen
 Your team is unaware of the plans and offerings .
 Call me
 Overall very poor and worst service rendered by Vodafone, it very bad experience of using vodafone .
 Very well expirence very gud talking for coustmer and i am satisfied works my problem is solve thanks vodafone
 You don't want a customer like me . That's all . thank a lot . Have a nice day .
 Polite and cultured behaviour .
 Send your represantative the person sitting in vodafone stores is know nothing
 Good
 I visited the store to stop My BBM plan of Rs 129 after calling on your hotline 111 yesterday the person umesh told me the request was not taken properlyand he stopped the plan and send you will receive the sms after 02 hours till now no sms has came it has been more than 20hours and I am 98200 customerfrom 12 years I am seriously thinking about Mobile number protability vodafone service standards have become pathetic I am only here because of miss soumya kotian who is any excellent employee of vodafone and staff like her should be promoted because she has helped me always if I have any issue but this time I went to another story regards vishal
 Overall rating seems ok due to service
 They couldn't solve my problem of stopping unwanted messages .
 Store service is good..but service from your other depart . Is very poor..I got wrong billing for my two no .& issue is still pending & I ll close my connections due to your poor service & fake bills
 10 (very satisfied)
 Store Associate solved my promptly . Faster than I thought . :-)
 Vodafone services is best than other companies of telecommunications
 10very satisfied
 No comments
 Good
 The overall experience that i was not able to get reasonable solution of my problem in time more details be given by call or email .
 Time taken to address issues too long . Store assistant sought senior's help at every stage . Repeated requests for KYC and lack of clarity on how to address consumer issues . Ultimately all work addressed but in double time making other consumers wait. .
 Why my downloads are separately charged in bill . Why my downloads are not included in my base bill . I'm not satisfied with your billing for my download .
 There is a very big problem with 3G Internet .
 Effective and efficient way .
 The problem with my sim was solved promptly and efficiently . The people were polite and informative .
 Because he helped me to solve my problem very patiently and he was very courteous and he guided me well.. .
 I been your shop and I had very bad experience . Cuz first time I been there they gave me wrong SIM card . And I need to go them agin . And then they fixit . But they still didn't recharge my sim . I gave them 200 rs for recharge my sim with 2g internet pack . So I m very unhappy with that service . I hope you guys can solve my problem . Thanks
 User friemdly prompt timely service
 Good cooperation from your side..problems are listen carefully and rectified immediately..thanx
 Service was very poor .
 We feel better with Vodafone . This is best
 Already did . Don't u read the comments next to the ratings ? The review itself is irritating now .
 Lack of patience and lack of good dealing with customer
 All process and procedure completed..fastly..thnkz to manju. .
 I am the customer of vodafone from last 6-7 years
 Very very good . :-)
 Good service
 ack of basic amenities in store 7 there was no customer retention strategy for unsatisfied customers who ultimately opted to migrate (including me)
 No comment's
 Culture ambience structure
 The reasons for why I rate 10 are because the service was effective and efficient . Thanks
 ok.. .
 tion pls you guys should give the best of tarrif plans to the customer holding ur connection for such a long tym
 Asked for change of plan still not got a solution
 Just have been very happy with Vodafone services
 3G Internet not started yet
 no point in commenting all useless
 Akshay ur representative is very helpfull listen the problem and tried his level best to sort it out whereas ur call center people misbehave very badly
 Really good service
 Response from executive are not clear and TAT is so much
 Cashier is not gud n he does not know how to handle customers
 Clear & total Response Excellent feedback
 It was very harrashment to activate my new sim . Associate told me thai sim will activate in 24 hrs.bt it will activate in 7 days..so very sad about service..hope i will not harrash more in future .
 The response to the queries raised was too good with excellent redressal by the attending person and the sales Manager/person heading the store... .
 Has i went your staff she explained well . Then i made some chenges in plan . she is well presented
 Very worst
 Vofafone servise is excellent . Cbs stor staff have very gud knwledge
 using vodafone since 2003(When it was comand) wish every success and expect beter service .
 There was no attempt to clarify the reason for the problem + no explanation for the earlier lapse + no advice for later exigencies .
 Very good and store people are helpful and well trained
 Excellent customer value and quick response . very happy to get associated with Vodafone
 The vodaphone serviese is good plese give me some of the intenet offeres and call rate .the intenet servise whice has long velidity and low cost .all over whole is good..Thank you
 Quick and appropriate response to resolve issue
 Need to ad about ur store & proper address
 It was nice
 I had a horrible experience with you guys
 Ok report
 There is a need for better communication what I mean is way of speaking . Also people need to be more pleasant, friendly and smile a little more .
 The ra is no one react for my complaint.....even customer care also... .
 Thank youis good experience fast time visit to store...ovar good and happy....amit gajjat
 Interaction wd the store associate was very disappointing . He was not answering my questions properly, he was not even listening my questions properly . Seat was not provided . Overall I didn't like your store experience . I didn't got any reply about the complain and it was not fixed either .
 Your store associate is very well know that how to handle and solution of your customer
 gud
 The staff was courteous and prompt .
 Staffs have no manner, they are chatting themselves not attending customer .
 asted my important time
 not very helpfull !
 I had to wait longer than necessary . It was my second visit regarding the same issue, and I was treated differently both the time .
 Want to know about an STD Vodafone to Vodafone minute pack ?
 No comments
 Clear and helpful explanation of plans
 Good
 Good
 I love u umma
 Yes, first you security had given his good service for parking my car and helped to get my token, then we had gone to the executive, had good experience , one of your executive Ms.Vinitha has helped and given excellent service . Thanks .
 Jagan is very good helping nature .good job done by jagan .
 Because staff is very cooperative and punctual
 Very bad
 My request s not taken care on first visit n its still unresolved
 Improve the facility . Only 3 can sit and wait, rest all are to stand .
 I'm very satisfied and good helping nature .
 Overall good service
 Totaly satisfactory
 The person with whom I interacted was helpful and courteous and with smile .
 Lady was good and informations were correct but no suggestions were given to impore
 U should make some options to contact ur executives directly
 Bether
 Fully satisfied with the communications at store
 You people are not co opetating $ deducting our balance . I am associate with u since last 11 years but u cant uderstand the person$ his problem ur motiveis only money .
 No time
 Vodafone should clear plan at the purchase of a sim card Many things are there which I am understanding now after so many days of using this service .
 I AM USING UR SERVICE SINCE 2003(WHEN IT WAS KNOWN AS COMMAND). WISH EVERY SUCCESS OF VODAFONE TO EXPERIENCE MORE BETTER SERVICE.
 I didn'1 get service in time and not proper service .
 They are not solving or giving solution to customers request . Instead they are behaving harshly
 Good
 My query was responded accurately . The service was quick . Over all i am satisfied with the service provided . Thank you !
 Over all my experience is gud, but better part is improving speed through process .
 I am pleased with service provided
 ffers with low cost.then iam very happy with the help each vodafone store members who help me lot.thank you
 query . .. . so am moving to other network which will give better service and have good environment . .
 Staff is very cordial,knowledgeable &pleasingly ready to listen & help
 Evrythng is gud .
 After one full hour in audacious, we were given defective sim's . When we exchanged them in Ajmer, they finally worked but we're not compensated for 3 days without connection . And I still am unable to use data !
 Nice experience and good service I felt so happy for using vodafone .
 Overall very nice! ! But improve more manpower to service more customer and faster . Finally for token number if you made by electronic system it will betoo good. .
 My Answer is very Simple. . I like So Much Our Network that's all. . This sentence say everything to every question. .
 associate behaviour & services very gud . i m totally satisfied.. .
 Some of the staff are well behaved & co operative but some comes there for time pass .
 Very good
 Feeling good
 Good
 good service and good management all store,really good experience
 Although the execitive were asking for different types of identity card in original to verify my identity( he was not satisfied with SBI identity card) ,I got the SIM immediately and very satisfied with your service .
 I m very satisfied
 Plz tell details first
 d services . Thank you
 Very Gud & very helpful service
 Good hospitality empl0yees are very much informative quick service
 Ok
 Store associates are very transparent . So, customers can understand their problems . Thank you .
 Here network of vodafone is less so am nt recommend . The service is very slow. . we pick token nd no comes after 1 or 2 hrs in gandhidham kutch . interactiou.on was gud . They said in proper manner . only prb is network not available properly here and token no comes too late at gandhidham store of kutch . Thank Y
 Well trained staff .
 E xllent service
 But you must have a bigger place with more personal as it takes long for your turn to come . Hope this type of service at these rates continues .
 Mahesh had good job knowledge ability to help and was proactive
 Your network/service/ customer service is best...!! !
 welldone guys good work
 Not at all satisfied n am sure this comment will go to recycle bin with no action to be taken
 Had to wait in long que . Except this all was wonderful
 Good work
 Because they were cooperative
 Very helpful for one time visit
 Atleast there Shud B a Seprate provisition 4 Sr.CITIZEN.
 You are almost like (stupid) Airtel in billing recently .
 Maintain consistency in service
 Your employees are absolutely unprofessional and lack customer relation service . Especially, the chembur store .
 Attitude towards a customer needs to be polite, and, store people shall be empowered to take decision fast .
 Thank u
 Good
 Good . Store staff is cooperative and helpful & working in team . Priyanka's helping attitude is too good .
 Excellent courtesy and service and customer helping executive.. . Feels good to be a Vodafone Customer . Good lady executive who understood the problem andsorted out in no time.. . Appreciate it .
 Vry goodddd .. . I like it... .
 Need more proactive and friendly manner . Sethu
 The exec was very cordial in replying all the queries i have . However the waiting period is bit longer...rgds
 Reply depends on the basis of satisfaction of the issue resolved by your salesman
 Mr. Ashish at your Thakur Village gallery is a very helpful person . He understood my need and clarified
 I was happy its the service your guy provided
 Mam is very good...i like her talking style.. .
 5out of 5 fantastic
 Data charges are too high . International roaming is chargeable 149, other networks free of charge only call rates
 I am happy with vodafone serv_i`ces.Thank you
 I m happy with the polite interaction .& Helpfulness support
 Very good
 Very good service
 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
 Before comming to store I was so irate that I was wishing like that I should had port my all numbers to another operator but the agent was so helpful andsorted my all queries in few seconds and with a satisfactory solutions Great job done He has really fulfill your moto HAPPY TO HELP
 Service is very good
 I am very happy with new global store and also ur executive ms.jenifer . good service .
 Bcoz your agent service is vry good
 There is no help received from store as well from 198 for my network priblem .
 Over all service was Gud...kindly provide 3g more frequently.. .
 Store associate was very helpful and kind, and she responded well for the query .
 Very good
 Very good service
 Due to the staff negligence with the customers, company will loose customer and good reputation .
 Good service
 The service provided by the associate was excellent and was satisfied and happy interacting with the associate . My query was addressed immediately and itwas resolved
 Customer service was quick polite helpful & efficient
 Store is awesum..store associate interaction is good
 I had registered a complaint about billing on 23rd of November , now it's above 1 month . there is not only proper follow-up from your side but also thismonth's bill had also got the same problem . Now I compelled to move legally .
 nice day
 M very happy
 There is no responsible person who cares about customers . They don't respect of customers and have no good manners .
 Last month also i went there with same query but d issue was still not resolved till date...arange fr a call back plz. .
 I think your network coverage is better than other providers but your customer service has degraded and is at the lowest point . I've been with Vodafone for more than 3 years . I lost the sim and was replaced in a day but to get it activated I had to wait for 4 days . The worst thing is the communication which was inconsistent . This tells me that your internal process is broken . Staff keep passing the buck and they can't provide any answer which is disheartening considering you have been out there for a little my time . As you say I am happy to help . Reach out to me if you need more info on this . I sincerelyhope you take this input and act on it . This is in your interests .
 staff and service are good .
 Service is very good .
 Simply superb nice atmosphere  T.Hemambara Naidu (BABU)
 Thanks for the service. .
 The incident which took place with me i want a reasonable answer from vodafone . And If i will not get my answer properly then not only me but i will askmy family, friends, and every known person to quit vodafone and switch onto any other network but not vodafone unless and until i get my answer and i amnot joking . Now its upto vodafone .
 Fully satisfied
 The ratings were based on the experience not to please odafone
 Store assocoate was very helpful . There was a plan tp which he could not subscribe my phone to so gave me the email id to which i should send my request to .
 Way of attending customers through tockens & customer delights, Vodafone music giving some relax to d mind totally good ur service & sales... .
 I feel very good rrsponceble service
 ctify it
 Your store person at cash counter doesn't know how to behave,with customer.This is happening every time,I make my payment. .
 Very good service
 ledge my issue my anyways when I told him tbe above info instead he asked is there anything else I can help with I've been happy with connection n service so far but after all of this I'm very dissatisfied with Vodafone overall.. . I'm currently deciding of porting out both the numbers on my account alonwever when I visited the gallery yesterday was infd the pack has been charged for 850 rs And its 2g speed after 5GB And the store associate dint acknowB hence I called customer service to confirm n activate it, instead was infd I can pay 700 rs for 5GB n after 5GB the speed woll reduce but will be 3g **
 Ask to your agent
 1. Response from store associate was good . 2. Store space was sufficient to accommodate people . 3. No enough seats are provided for customers .
 ill having slow 3G network even after complaining .
 No difference between u and any govt office
 The store associate was very reasonable and helpful in addressing issues and the service also good .
 nice
 Overall services were excellent and satisfactory .
 ,,else I will file case in consumer court.. .
 Pls call me . The staff at your store did not know the process/procedure . Very unprofessional
 Hire some more employees .. So that people don't have to wait ..
 Vodafone service is a speedy and customer care executive soul my quary instant.so i am happy to your service
 Very couteous,helpful & explained all schemes as per my need .
 there to help us,need a proper cordinationn.rest ok
 Awesome
 VODAFONE STORE ATMOSPHERE INTERACTION WITH STORE EXECUTIVES VODAFONES CONNECTIVITY AND RANGE EVERYTHING IS VERY VERY GOOD
 Whthout informing changing the rating tarrief
 Nice experience. .
 Every thing is good but immediate problem is not solve by your store due to Vodafone policy .
 Store floor manager watch everyone's turn This is good for customers After that turn coming the executive hear me very keenly and with in 2 to 3 minute h
 Ok .
 estions . And continued telling me that I will not get that plan . I am Vodafone user for last 6 to 7 years and they don't think I should stay with them.r in like a week i don't want this plan . But my earlier plan is not available 5. When I went to store they never tried to understand nor gave me any suggon time so that I can't check them . 3. When i took 3g pack no one told me that my 2g data plan will not available . 4. Now when the 3g plan is getting oveI think the billing system is total frauds . 1. They gave me data for 100rs and without tell me they have changed it to 150rs . 2. Never sent paper Bill
 Activation of nano sim, taken as replacement against original sim, took place only when I needed to revisit the Store 3 hrs after my 1st visit . During those 3 hrs, neither the original sim nor the original sim were working . The replacement sim should have got activated without needing to drive down 4 kmsall over again .
 Super
 Efficient executive and explain details with my requirements . .... .
 1 . The Vodafone store provides the desired information and a package for every needs . 2. The store that I visited had a supervisor who was overworked and stressed out.and hence a bit irritating . 3. While I was being served another Assosciate came and started using the same computer . The Assosciate who was serving me had to get up and leave . The other senior Assosciate after finishing her work left without even bothering to let the Assosciate know that she had finished her work . Also at the payment counter the guy was taking too long to handle customers and some of them started getting impatient .
 i am satisfaction this vodafone store .
 No comments
 U'r simply fantabulas in terms of providing service,thanK u VODAFON,'m proud for being subsciber of U. RGDS,NILKANTHA,
 U r not satifaied ans
 Quick, responsive and educative
 Services are very good! :-)
 Prompt & friendly service
 M bored of ur network there is so much error in network and I dont feel comfortable with this network m planning to jump airtel
 Store associate were not helpful at ol... . Inspite of giving solution they were asking to take postpaid connection . Every solution is in postpaid thats what they were made me feel . Also the service has become worse recently Bal . Deducted from my no . For no reason . In past vodafone was gud bt nw its the worse .
 On visiting I found the staff was busy in talking no budy attended me I shown them visitors slip then only they attended me otherwise they were not attending the costumer and buddy without work.Secondly they did'nt properly given me details and one another staff appear with some plans . Actual problem still remains unsatteled.However I have accepted it to only test it for one month of not satisfied I will soft to prepaid plan .
 ve the store for the callous attitude of the representative
 Small store . In experienced staff . No customer orientation
 She was taking care of their customers and given a very good response .
 First of all the executive named Srinivasa dint greet me nor was even interested to even listen to my concern . Secondly he provided me all close ended acomplain . Fourthly, he did not have a pleasing or welcoming attitude while speaking .
 Staff understood my problem and was cooperative .
 I wanted to change my add using my company Hr letter which i did earlier and now when i am trying to change it u people say its nt pssble
 Good behaviour and proper care .
 Good service by saddam
 Misdirected by your support centre agent . Your main office does not take payment with Amex . Swipe machine does not work . No receipt for docs given . - sanath
 Please remove the token wending machine it is ******* our time
 It took a little more waiting time at the service station for no reason . But the service provided further was excellent .
 Vg
 Good attitude, well informed, well spoken, smile on face .
 Focus on your customer needs . Take ownership and provide options to help them opposed to just quoting Vodafone policies and procedures . Your policies are
 Professional &caring attitude
 Greeting with smile was gud. . N quickly solved my issue. .
 It was great talking to the associate.got a resolution n service was really quick .
 The expression of the stuffs r very rude I was shocked to see that . One man was good he was trainee others all the stuffs are not polite including the security
 Very bad experience got it from store .
 Excellent
 Ur customer care is very gud.thts y
 Looking for a corporate plan change according to my requirement but no resolution provided even on store or on call representative . i hope this comment w
 I liked the quick response to my query and they were helpful as well .  Unlike previous visit, this one didn't take much time .  Thanks !
 Vodafone have given me micro sim with adapter instead of normal sim (as my old sim was damaged) which made my phone's sim tray break . It costs some amount to repair my phone and the sim too was not good at receiving signals from tower . So I was again forced to exchange of sim .
 Quick and crisp service . The representative was very professional . Once again outstanding service
 Thnx for help.. . :-)
 It was great
 The words which you are saying completely different in action . Please make sure that complaints addressed at store itself instead of mail system .
 I want to get a fund of my money which I didn't use
 Excellent knowledge, courteous, helpful and patient .
 Very sorry to stay waited for 20 mims to find someone to hear my issue . All the staffs were busy with some meeting inside the office without feeling theimportance of customers waiting .
 Friendly, promt & satisfactory service, only I got the vodafone Sim sinse 2010.FINALY I AM VERY HAPPY WITH VODAPHONE. THANKS.
 there is no response from your team . if possible please contact me via phone and help me understand me query
 I recommend Vodafone for best network and services Vodafone provides
 I got what I was wishing,soon and without any Hassle
 I like your fast change sim card service
 For very helpful person from Vodafone store at Linton street in kolkata, West bengal .
 Helpful . To the point . Quick . Little waiting time .
 Miscommunication. . Unable to provide the right information. .
 Nice to be n vodafone
 one of your associate he was miland well behaved with me and considered my problem very well
 Customer service is pathetic customers have to wait for over an hour and then you find the people had come later gets a chance early
 Time taken is too much.... . even there is space to seat .
 Time taken is too much.... . even there is space to seat .
 Staff are not aware of the correct policies and procedures . My sim was out of service because of it for week
 I am using the Vodafone number which is in my name . I am paying the bills not my company . I took this number a stall which is held in our company . WhenI approach at malakpet vodafone store, first of all they treat as we are ****** not a customer . In that store I noticed one guy(security guy) who is doing his job extreamly good, but other 2 members to whom I approached extreamly bad . The way of behaviour is bad .
 our staff to give ans . after investigation .
 Excellent service by Customer Care Executive Mr. Mujahid at Nagawara ring road new store
 New simcard activation was promised in 4 hrs . but did not happen even in hrs . Staff was unaware of the IT outage until revisited the store next morning.Upon realising that there was an IT outage due to which new applications were not processed nobody was aware by when the system was going to be up .
 Increase free talk time on my existing plan, decrease 3g monthly rates, give itemized bill for free for life for go Green initiative
 Good service
 d managers . So on and so forth..... . Overall pathetic experience .
 Not given good feedback no reply for my complaint
 New staff still untrained with a very small number of trained staff . Had to wait a lot for a small issue and had to make 2 visits . Job was not being donewithout being pushy .
 Your atore staff does not have proper knowledge and the service is worse even the token counter there is no staff to assist and long que every where
 To help you know about customer views so that the services & network is improved more
 The executives were slow and info provided by them are inaccurate which is not expected from an organisation like Vodafone
 I was fully satisfied with the way my concerns were addressed .
 I need a good response from you while I call you for anything's .
 Good
 Your employee is free not to serve any customer this is only depend upon their will to serve or no but bear tag of happy to help you what a joke u made today i understand
 customers , meaning no value for existing customer ,
 It was not nice experience though it was first time..a imertnet plan is not there of 2gb
 7th time im coming there . 6 months . Absolutely no ******* help . One more time and I shift to Airtel .
 Y
 I meet with parul srivastava, like the way she represent
 System was slow Half the staff were not present to attend the customers
 of d store is a gal who was not available at d store n the agents handling d store do not have d training of handling d customers cannot speak to them pwering me n Mr zubed also started back answering as well they told me to throw the num Bcoz d service is Nt good n they cannot do n e think...the managerder n in ur system shows u have call but I do get d advertising calls but never got d complaint call at all.. . We I visited d store Mr nitin was back ans
 Prompt service by store executiue
 The staff is very co operative and understanding
 The token take long tym to come no plc to sit fr customers . Even whl talkin to the agent
 Call us.. . I can explain to you clearly
 I am compleatly satisfied with vodafone service .
 Explanation was good which helped me to understand
 Nice
 Waiting period of more than hour for simple sim replacement is not good
 It was pretty quick, staff was very helpful .
 We were made to to wait for one small change only to find out that our work couldn't be done after waiting for so long
 Very satisfied
 wonderful service
 Your people are weired
 Staff was really good n helpfull .... . Alkita
 Tremendous 10/10..
 Na
 Excellent service given by sandeep swamy
 The Vodafone office that I went to is very crowded and the it takes a very long time before you're attended to . One spends around 30 minutes each time just waiting .
 I visited 5 times but still things are pending for more details please ask to Mr pushpendra, Mrs Vidya and Mrs Sneha
 I paid 100 rs to person over there to change my sim to nano sim . But he didn't give me receipt for thAt
 ice It works with tremendous speed on the go every where . ''Finall
 I didnt got u!
 Good
 I had gone to Vile Parle East Subhash road Vodafone store to exchange my blackberry sim to nano sim for iPhone 6. Spent almost 1 hour there on 26th Decevening 7 pm, was told that blackberry sim will be deactivated within 2 hours and my iPhone 6 with nano sim will get activated at that time . When the nano sim did not get activated even till 2 am on 27th morning, I called up Vodafone call centre, they took my nano sim number from me (written on the sim -tore I lost almost a day . As I understand the vile Parle store had given me a prepaid nano sim which cannot be used when doing a sim exchange, so it waso Vodafone store in Powai and again exchanged the nano sim . Finally this new sim is working but because of the invalid sim given at vile Parle Vodafone sa basic human error that was avoidable with some diligence
 Due to this type of bad service i want to quit.you said 4 questions but u asked one . How much time i have to wait . I want to sleep quickly ask me Q2
 Good
 Very irresponsible and not even proper responding to customer especially musrambagh dilshuknagar Hyderabad Vodafone store boy name is mr rohit floor executive I asked for change my tariff plan he is changed but my old services not deactivated after I said him
 Dear sir/mam Attitude of your store's staff was no doubt very good but they are not able to solve customer's problem at once . For example, I had to convert one of my vodafone postpaid connection to prepaid . Despite of paying dues and required fees in cash, they asked me to bring the sim . Next day when I returned the sim, they told me that your number was not working so u have to wait till 48 hours and come again to store for activating m pesa app. I was surprised . For such a small thing, i had to visit store three times . In such circumstances, online store or complaint redressal facilities serve no purpose. . I request u to please make a system which can give satisfaction to your customer,otherwise there will be no difference in working of a sarkari babuand your efficient and energetic staff . Thanks for giving me option for my comments . Yours, pawan shankhdhar 9838504140
 We had to wait for long hours in line as quite a many country's were empty
 My ratings was based upon my xperience while interacting with your staff so I can't xplain the reasons, this much I can say that my xperience was satisfying
 Man serve is god serve custmers are also that good for your company
 make distance from yours . Thanks
 I was going to store as i m nt able to access my facebook.before gng to store i hd visited two retailer point which is very near in my home bt they couldnt help me out and they told take a airtel connection.after poor experience i discuss with my husband bt he told me that u need to visit at vodafone store they can slove ur problem.i had a word with mr umesh who was resolve my problem within 30 sec.thanks d guy who proves that why vodafone is best compare in other operate.dis guy is really make me feel happy in that moment .
 I am not at all satisfied because they took a complaint but I still did not get a reply
 Ur store service is good
 Pure miss selling . Unexpected lies .
 Very good
 Valid ratings given as per service provided & satisfaction due to prompt resolution by store executive
 Response good but long queues wd no attendant at intervals too irritating
 Executive tar gave me a nice information thanks to Vodafone
 ED PREPAID BALANCE.....AND RATHER THAN ACCEPTING THE MISTAKE.... . VODAFONE STAFF IS SIMPLY MISBEHAVING WITH ME.....I AM SORRY FOR PORTING INTO YOUR NETWOI HAD MY WORST EXPERIENCE WITH VODAFONE... . I AM FOR SURE GOING TO PORT TO SOME OTHER NETWORK PROVIDER BECAUSE VODAFONE IS SIMPLY PLUNDERING MY HARD EARN
 Great Service
 Very much waiting period in Vodafone galary at Dombivli Galary
 Nicely handled by the team
 Worst service
 I have been migrated from airtel and vodafone store has given me some plan but my bill is not according, and i am very upset with this .
 Excellent !
 The representative was very friendly and even gave suggestions for a new plan according to my usage . more importantly she got the job done within a few mins . Excellent service .
 6.5 SATISFIED
 Very satisfied
 Service is not fair from your side . Billing is high . Unnecessary billing of 400 for download . Credit limit was increased with out any intimation.Improper response when I visited to store
 I gave pre to post migration my number for best plans and they and good service provider too
 GOOD EXPLAIN
 Proper information on prices not given
 Very l_i`kely
 Bad policy.. .
 Ok
 :- $:- !
 I like Vodafone service very must I went store I like sabarish welcoming me and treat as a frnd I wish to sabarish to move next level
 Every service is quick and the girls do a fantastic job
 ur immediate action & potential to understand our problem .
 tomers are ur earnings...so please take care of them
 My dear Sir . Kindly call me for meeting . I gave my general impression . You want to stik to yr . Shedules . WHAT YOUR ANSWER FOR VODAFHONE BAD SERVICE?CALL DROP. NO SERVICE FROM VODA. You saved money for Rota Tax Rs . 20000/- Crores . More than all world business,you get from India!!! ! Good Servicepl . Pl call me for meeting . Regds . Nayar .
 0049004D000AD83DDE23
 Initial connection took 48hrs to process despite being told it wud be done the next day . Connection was then subsequently disconnected due to informationissues on your end . Returned to Vodafone store and was told to re-submit all documentation again . After 3 days and mutliple visits to the store, connection was restored . After 8 visits to your store for a simple phone connection, incompetent staff and bad service from customer care, please be assured that I will NOT be using Vodafone again nor will I recommend your services to anyone . Absolutely disgusting service and customer service .
 they behave me like i'm a thief & asking for fraud sim . after Tomorrow i'm going to consumer forum for that .
 My experience was good . There was not any problem .
 Store manager was very good..very help ful.. .
 Been visiting Vodafone Byculla store many times Waiting is more very longer Replying is always annoying According to them Voda is never wrong its alwaysthe costumers fault They r always helpless in solving our problems U go to one counter, they call other guy, he calls some other superior n finally the answer is that its going to remain as it is, we can't do anything This goes 4 all complain like plan change, excessive bill everything has standard answer
 Very nice
 Just I say they respect him (them), we tell freely
 l now to resolve my issue
 No .
 Jatin is very good person
 Firstly, my plan was changed even though I never raised a request . Secondly, when I tried to register a complaint and get the issue sorted, the people on the phone were blaming the outbound team and the outbound team was blaming the Vodafone store and the Vodafone store said that the outbound team has changed your plan . This is so stereotypical of a government office . Hats off to the company coordination .
 The staff is still OK but the customer service associates in the call center are pathetic to an extent that cannot be described . Im a customer of Vodafone in Mumbai but I've never faced such issues there and i love it but here in Hyderabad it's just one thing pathetic kindly improve it and train the executives how to work . Thank you
 Please show the unbilled amount details separetly at current bill summary & give the creadit limit as per plan
 The executive at Vodafone store was very kind and she was very very helpful... . But the new connection i bought is still not activated... .
 Good
 Prompt and polite staff
 Love Vodafone
 I didn't receive any offers by scratching the thank you card it is quite dissatisfactory
 Thank you vodafone for your best service
 We went in for 3 SIM card changes were attended to by Binal who processed all 3 in no time . The guy at the payment counter spoke to all in line pleasantly and sent us off in a jiffy . So keep it up
 Horrible service For change of plans had to submit forms thrice
 I m happy with the services
 They listened to our problems and solved them . They were polite and courteous .
 Excellent job
 No pleas
 No responce
 The main reason is the quick,courteous and helping attitude and service of your staff at the counter .
 Thank you
 Mr Sonu of goregaon gallery helped me solve my net pack problem although i was not caring my new sim and my phone it was with my wife at my native place.His coordination on phone with my wife was great .
 Service executive not helpful
 The executive 'smith' did not explain the options clearly ( for upgrading the sim card) .. . He said I have entered into the system and cannot change when(35mins) He seemed in a obvious hurry to take the next customer . I have been a Vodafone customer for 12 years and really upset to see this attitude towathe fact was that he could . Later after me speaking to the senior Anurag he agreed to change which actually he could Have done earlier and saved my timerds your so called 'happy to help' objective .
 ?? ?
 Good Much room for improvement !
 Not satisfied with first month billing,
 The team was very harsh . Not able to speak and resolve issues of customers . Keen to give answers which are ambiguous in nature and proving customers wro
 Excellent customer service
 Wow!!!excellent serives....good job...all the best
 Good network
 The person whom I met yesterday was excellent . I came to know the exiciting offers of vodafone red and my problem for which I visited store was solved properly .
 I w'd like to inform you that during cheasing the problem last day the answer from your end that this sim was lost 90 days before which is eresponsable and vage reply.As a cancer patient mobile is most essential to me and the service also.MAy i not expect it from an international fame orgianation ?
 Q no 2 & 3- - - its services deserved no 10
 The service was quick
 Reason for rating is only oral saying that we shall look in to the matter is not sufficient I must get the coverage or range as I was getting earlier
 PEOPLE HERE ARE SO HELPFUL..GREAT STORE
 I did not get store no, so requested pl instal one telephon or keep mob no.in each and every voda store, customur can contact on emergency .
 Aap k assistance sidhe baat tak nahi karte hai koi bhi baat ka jawab tak nahi dete hai
 Good service . Fast service
 Satnam from Nerul East was very polite patient . Helped us in every way we wanted to be . What a customer wants was there in a positive way .
 had a great experience .
 Overall it was alright
 Rep was well trained and professional
 Very poor network from 2 months.very dis- satisfied .
 I strongly feel that i have been cheated as I have no internet till 29th rt
 Pathetic experience , my no was barred even I paid my bills .
 Good
 No comments... .
 I go to 3g net but ur staff member given me new vodafone sim card .
 Satisfaction itself is a reason
 Need to close complaint and request earlier
 failed to give me any proper solution . If such incident is going on, I have no alternative but to leave my relation with you .
 I went for converting from postpaid to prepaid . Your salesperson all the way tried to make me understand to keep the postpaid active . I tried to convince
 s,the reply by company sms is wait for almost 10days, suffering from 1 month,just now I m thinking of chaging the service .
 It was a nice exp . very satisfied
 Overall experiece was ok but my problem of unneccesary data charges has not rectified yet . So please contact me for proper redressal .
 It's too long to type . It's better if I get a call from your side .
 Earlier I had an airtel connection and then moved to vodafonr your store people shows lot of process to sort out the issue which airtel gave solution on
 Good experience coperative staff well guidance
 Attendance approach behaviour all satiseactory
 Very good response
 Your staff is cordial but actual activation takes too long.Even after 24 hrs I am unable to use my telephone .
 Quick prompt possitive reply & query resolution
 Ur reprentive dnt know abt schemes n plans properly...n company changes their plan anytime . It creates problems for users .
 Zero
 Meet and greet salmaan khan contest a not reply vodafone store empoly thank you .
 Everything nice but With any information my net cutoff and no service center in tollygunge are
 Excellent Customer service
 I want to close the connection which executive did not taken . Customer care miss guided me for 3g plan . I'm very old user of hutch this is worst now .
 I always visit East of kailash Vodafone store , that store always gives warm response & sincere attention to my queries .
 Lot's of trouble in extending or changing service . Very unnecessary troubling rules only for changing service etc . 3-4 times went there always asking troubling things . When ask about materials to bring, do not explain clearly an detailed way . Works like intelligence, not as private sector service provider
 the response of the executive's was very bad .
 Its a good experience . I would like to visit it again as and when required .
 Staff very cooperative, resolved the problem immediately
 Third class services provided by vodafone and also no assistance to the customer
 Complicated information
 Miss charul attend me n i giv 10 out of 10 for her work
 Feel good .
 Waited for 3 hours for my turn . Then there was no single counter resolution . After 3 hours cane back with half work done .
 The staff was cordial and helpful . Thank you for a good interaction .
 Overall great experience... .
 I went to change my sim from postpaid to prepaid . The executive tried to overly persuade me to stay on postpaid and even offered me many offers he could
 Wonderful help this girl .good job
 Service was energytic
 Wow service by sukhjindr mam im very setisified wid vodafne
 No waiting for long, quick service, Point to point solution
 I approached your store at Ashok nagar, the person understood the problem and took a usual reply of " will be called back". In this time of 4G age shouldI wait for 9days to get a call to ?. Hope you can speedup the process to resolve the same day .
 My contacts at the store were with mr . Abhinav and I am impressed with hisu nice behaviour and good deeling .
 All is good
 Good
 Lack of employee traning, the store has limited number of staff which keeps up changing . The token machines numbers are not followed in a proper way .
 harged but even after replacing sim same error comes .
 Not bad
 ut nothing is done yet
 Sure .
 My issue has been not yet solved as I am facing lot of prblm due to ur poor network
 You should be ready to expand your services . By increasing the no of counters & servers & deal with them in a quick & efficient manner . Rather than making people stand on queques for more than 30mins for a 5 / 10 mins question
 Interaction is very not good
 When you can't provide a proper customer service then why do you have to open a store and waste people's time
 Whenever I visited with problems they attended and solve the problem till date.Thank u.
 Good service
 Good
 nd some othr guy who helped me .. . They were actually happy to help me out as I had bn v v stressed with the problem
 Very helpful and understood my problem and resolved it instantly
 Executive were very rude.. . They disrespected the customer
 Excellent service
 I liked the service given by your sales team, Ms. Shabana at P. M. Road store .
 My problem is that am charging for browsing since I already have blackberry daily pack but it is not resolved.however I have lost simply 100inr
 Timely and prompt service . Courteous staff .
 Your representatives are really dumb, if they don't know how to solve customer problems then why they are there
 My query was solved very easily with great effort .
 I'm satisfied wid ur service Overal it's gud !
 1 token 2 quick service 3 form filled by rep 4 additional info on sim activation
 Behavior with the costumer not so good . Showing lot of attitude like they are the boss . Not anyone satisfied
 Ankita was useless and unprofessional no decency to offer a seat and kept me standing besides didn't answer my query
 Very slow net speed even in 3g. Network problem . No good offers for 3g internet . I am thinking of changing my number to airtel .
 it was of great help
 ly Vodafone to Vodafone 10 Paisa validity is only 15 days so this is not satisfy ing .. so extand validitys's for 6 months to a year ..
 Very prompt actions . Good hospitality
 You are only interested in giving new connection but Do Not Care for the Existing Customer . I am having 2 Vodafone connections and I wanted to change onesimcard to a Nano sim . I was not carrying my photo ID but I had my credit card with me . I personally went and all my information is already in your datayour service .
 I had visted your store yesterday . your employee Mr. Karamveer handle my case . And m very much satisfied with his services .
 The customer support officers are not so interactive !!
 Being Sr.Citizn our prblme is money . He expln me neat & nice .
 Thought my issue will be solved . So i come to store . Finally disappointed .
 I m vry hpy about ur services.... .
 The service is good . But I wish vodafone network and internet quality should improve
 Thanks . I have changed to docomo .
 Nice bheviour .
 I am happy by ur store service
 Happy with Vodafone services can be more happy if rates come down.. . Thanks
 My documents were lost once by your representative which delayed the process of me getting my SIM card activated .
 I will not suggest any one for vodafone . I & my family will also switch to another operator soon from vodafone . Net service is very poor at my residence .
 Call center executive says something and store executive says something else
 Good service And knowldge of products is viery well
 Vodafone is number 1 network I'm glad using vodafone regards
 My Blackberyy service is Not wrking from last 6 days..I m unable to Send and Receive Emails..Which making a Huge loss on Business..Kindly provide Solution ..I already visited store 5 times and they tried everthng to restore my services..But they cnt..Pls Help..Thnks In Advance .
 Prompt response with pleasant interaction
 Inadequate information from store, untrained call center staff
 I asked the availability of nano sim in the only available store in Kurnool locality, it was not available . How would you expect me to give the good feedback
 Staff unconcerned about customers difficulty.store manager was not in the area of customer.he did not visit during any of my present or previous visits
 Staff efficient and friendly and knows the job both technical and othrwise . Keep it up .
 Good interaction
 It has always been an pleasure to be in vodafone store, service is excellent, no waiting period, problems instantly solved, guidance about which plan issuitable. . Extra. . Keep it up. . Cheers! !
 My problems are not been solved
 Cse always provide best services nd gud listner
 Ur executive responded very wel to my query and gave me better options nd also convinced me for a better plan
 I went there to change my simcard with my brother a last week . That is on my brother's id . My brother gave his id to change sim but unfortunately your employee doesnot paired the sima
 All services are good
 Dis offer very much saticified me nd thnks to ur vodafone care.. .
 Mainly how you treat your customers vodafone staff doing good job
 A great customer service given by vodafone . Thank you so much
 Your staff is attentive . having sufficient knowledge . tendency to help customers . they resolved issue in expected time .
 Complaint handling was done effectively and efficiently with no wastage of time . Happy with service provided by Kanik Goel .
 Network problem in my area Complain register several times but no action has been done .very worst experience with Vodafone
 Vodafone network is good and I am using from last 7 yrs and yours staff grooming is also good, he give me excellent service each time
 The specific issues were resolved without any ambiguities .
 He explain all query that i raise .
 Very good
 I have visited 3 times at the same vodavone store but could not get micro sim in exchange of my old sim . Every time the gave a false reason .
 Reasons for this rating, I am using your service last 5 years so SIM card is not working properly . So I want to change it . So that reason I was going toyou service centre but their your executive has not co-operates with me . That's my reason . After 1 month I will quit your service . Thanks
 Overall satisfied Thanx
 It was a quick and hassle free service, so overall a great experience
 No comments
 Dear Vodafone, your security guard help me out how to do & what to do ? But nobody from your Vodafone staff is supported me . I was visited to your store for replacement of card due to technical reason . For this I was spend my one & half hour for this . No one from store members are responsible for the job as well as company reputation . No one from your store staff was explained my mobile monthly plan .
 Good service
 Store infra was gud
 Good service keep it up
 Long waiting Number system not working Card payment system not working Work not done immediately
 They explained my problem in kind way and solved my problem .
 Communication . And proper knowledge
 ginal passport copy tomorrow morning so that I don't have to come again but they didn't understand and told me to come again . So I have to go 3 time . Peo
 No comments
 good but it wood be beter
 No comments
 Customer attending and corporation in very good
 Pl.suggest all beneficial plan to customer
 No
 Good
 At your store no one interact with the customer and I don't understand your bill payment that's it .
 1. Try to understand customer grievances . 2. Customer is paid for the services what you are offering . You should not be tough with the customers . 3. My experience was too bad yesterday with your executive . 4. Though you have good network connectivity, now I feel I should not have done number portability from BSNL to Vodafone .
 Gud service
 Prompt response
 Problem still remained
 Store person keshav was very helpful
 Very satisfy becz my SMS is not send I told executivetaranjet . taranjet is the good knowledge bec she is given my number then within 10 mint my SMS sendgood service provide and nice experience
 Good
 Vodafone's service is very good .
 It takes long time for my turn and no parking facility outside d store .
 Good service
 Nothing much except that is my feeling .
 i like it because it gives good facilties.good service
 Quite good ,just need to sort things Abit regarding customer service
 I had a great experience . The Vodaphone customer care executive handled my query brilliantly . She was excellent .
 The store management was really helpful in solving my issue and has been always helpful atmosphere there
 Because it had vary poor connectivity ..... !
 e - first response is that it will take 2-3 days to activate since I'm a Mumbai customer!! ! What the hell is that supposed to mean ? When system shows meSimple I'm a customer - same number - for 9 years I'm in chennai with a new phone, have a Mumbai contract, won't be back for a week . Needed a aim changas a customer in front of him . Then, after requesting him politely, he says he will most likely get it done end of day . I'm typing this next morning yetfrom my old phone :( Inability to deal with a customer basis his loyalty and long term value has been a consistent failing at Vodafone
 t entertained . Thanks
 We are faithfull to vodafon in future service, I hope you also
 I am very disappointed because there was around more than 25 persons are in queue and only 4 executives attended . ittook approx 45 minutes to attend my request . This is very long time
 Work was done in a timely manner
 The process was smooth and fast . That's why I liked it .
 The staff has a whimsical behaviour . They should try to clear the customers doubt instead of showing their superiority
 Very crowded the day we went . Hence could not figure out .
 Not able to connect to network .
 Well informed and brisk store
 I went to convert my post paid to prepaid connection . But the store people dint respond properly . After lots of argument they processed my request . I waaid it is unbilled amount . Actually unbilled amount should be calculated in prorate basis . I asked, when is my prepaid will be activated.. . They said, itmay take 3 to 4 working days.. . Till the time I should not make any outgoing call it seems.. . Fully disappointed . For new prepaid connection , this kindaid to prepaid (9620027900). Please do this convert asap.of activation will take at max 8 hours . So next 1 week I can't male any call . :( , because of this experience , I m planning to convert my existing postp
 Its ok . Thanks to vodafone .
 Bcoze of rude vehavior of staff.. .
 Excellent service given by your executive .
 Overall it was a good experience . Your store associate talked politely and listened to my query patiently . I am happy with his answer ! Thank u! !
 I like it
 I am satisfied with Vodafone service
 I went there with dissatisfaction due to 200rs more charged in recent bill . But the way he is talking is we can't help it and you have to pay 200rs extrafor next month as well . He don't have any solution to stop extra amount for next month and least bothered about customer satisfaction .
 Document submitted on 19 dec at store but store did't submit further & lost the same.again submitted on 23rd & assured for service on 24th.but no ofuse.again visited store on 25&26th.then ok.most irresponsible store .
 Query regarding billing cud not be clarified during my visit . Store associate naturally had no clue as connectivity and speed was slow .
 Responsive for all doupts raised by me..May I have not intracted in detail as I was not having time. .
 Vodafone staff is cordial & helpful
 NA
 There way to handling the custmor is too gud ......talk respecfully
 Vodafone store service *****
 Superbb work . Good job .
 They do not give information about my balance deduction from main account .
 My issue got resolved, Good service. .
 hanks customer care. .
 Gud service
 The Staff was very responsive and friendly .
 The waiting time kills. . The employes listen to all ur queries n make it possible to solve it. . Good job on dat
 it's ok
 I saw every time any vodafone stores employee are working our very slowly .
 Your employee 's r not co-operative
 Thanks
 Instant delivery of service and cordial atmosphere.. .
 I honestly wanted to update my change of address . But they said not possible and to close this connection and take a fresh connection giving a new application . It is suprising to note that it is not possible to give change of address in Voda
 I am fed up with your services . You guys just give useless excuses and behave like the consumer is the responsible for all the faults . Never admit your mistakes . And thinks my money and time is for forgranted .
 Vodafone is gud srvs also gud
 good experience
 Nothing much just used
 I felt I was banging my head on the walls of the store for my problem, felt very bad..till ur corporate relations manager Mr. Siddhesh Gaikwad intervened . Thanks to him..I walked into the store at 3 pm and out at 6.17 pm..as if I visited some gov . org . Thanks .
 It was good
 They behave well with me all Vodafone team staff behave fine..thanks
 Every day you want to smile so be with vodafone
 Vodafone is freindly like a family
 Visited your Store to activate Vodafone Red High value plan as per the instructions from customer care . But store executive again asked me to contact customer care and was not even aware of such plan and confused me also . Finally some how managed to convince her and activated the same .
 0034D83CDF1F
 Ratings are provided as per my current experience . Service at vodafone center was very good except that the token machine was not working .
 It was gr8 experience .
 Good thanks
 Guy sitting at reception doesn't have proper knowledge . Due to this I had to wait for more than 1 hour . Finally the service person asked me to go to reception and he is responsible for your problem . Conclusion is that the reception gent employee doesn't know his responsibility .
 m so happy with vodafone...n cust serv is realy gud .
 No dedication toward customer prob solving. . and frequent balance deduction
 Very helpful
 Very gentle & polite staff all are they coordinate with each other for fast solutions! !
 It was Awesome experience to visit new store of Vodafone the co-operate 100 times btr then the Racecourse store
 ho, no body tell me . want to know about that . Thanks
 I went ur store for get new connection but ur there is problem with my licence zerox . Its very small thing but ur officer make it big issue . I am alreadyur customer i think there no need to discuss for documents . I am very disappoint from service for getting new connection . Anjar vodafone office .
 The executives are arrogant . Your outlet doesn't have copies of forms and xerox machine . For which customs are made to run around .
 good hospitality and good response to my problems
 Its network is so good and offers are also so good
 He could not help me on the issue I visiting
 Very helpful & knowledgeable staff called Priti @ Bajaj Nagar Nagpur store
 Poor service
 Shahid gave me the accurate info and helped me . Thanq
 Very Prompt answer to my question! !
 Only 2 staff was there at duty time.All were here and there.Proper smiling gesture was missing at the time of welcome to store .
 Product and offer detailing is not so good
 Gud an ghant an g
 visit was first time to center.Help in gettimg token.Courtsey of staff.Quick response and resoloving of problem,swiftness in resoloving.Overall a great experience .
 The reason I chose Vodafone was that the network is present nearly everywhere and the internet facility is too good in all the areas . - Shivam Anand
 As I had said earlier , I am your customer from the days of Maxtouch & now you are Vodafone . Your Chembur shop is flooded with staff on enquiring I was told they are trainees . I am senior citizen, a token is issued for senior citizen, no preference had to wait for an hour . Yesterday many were furious as they have wait for a long time . This are two issues, if I write it will run into pages . Your staff has to speed up the process & cooperative . Not an hourfor a customer .
 Msg is not going..u hv to call me to understand the issue .
 I am tricked .
 Although the service was good and accurate, the waiting time and serving time was too slow
 Call me
 Finally, to help us understand your experience further, we'd appreciate knowing the reasons for your ratings.Please text us your comments .(Your reply is FREE)10
 Just found the services in Ncr good . But worst in sirsa hry
 good
 It wAsssss goood
 I have written a mail to customer care Vodafone east .
 Commitment
 Good service by the executive
 Overall it was excellent but to get ur token number announced it took long time. . Otherwise thumbs up
 service is areas where 2G connection was working perfectly . To find out the reason and what's the next solution for the same I had visited your store.buAfter converting my mobile plan to 3G I'm facing lot of problem . Internet connection is very slow even worst than 2G speed.there is frequent call drop.no
 Nice service .
 Very cooperative and fast srvice
 Vodafone is all time proving as branded one . Only the brand which gives the quality and excellent services . ..
 ocolate was given and greetings were exchange.This was very nice and I left the store with a positive note .
 I fell good at ur Vodafone store and fully satisfied . ..
 Your rep id courteous, polite, suggests correctly, prompt n well behaved
 The official who facilitated me was extremely cooperative .
 Very good .
 The reason is that yours network service is very poor
 Bill problem yet to be solved
 It was quick, I was assisted at token machine, all executives were soft spoken
 When
 Srry
 e this is the reason I had to go your store to complained this
 Service frm store is alright but from ur side service is in appreciable
 Last 2 month I gt itemizd bill whch I never recd itemized bil frm u. So i cmplt to minus 100 rs frm my bil, I cmplt 4 time even today no action ll takenwhy ? One time cmplt quick action .
 Firstly the store was easily traceable . Secondly the staff were pleasant . Last but not the least and most importantly Mr. Vijaykumar who attended me wasgood . He understood my needs and suggested me best suited plan . My experience was smooth
 Very poor and waste my time very very bad
 All staffs were busy with there own work, When i visit the store there were no customer I was waiting more than 15 minutes And over all i spent around 45 minutes
 Reason for any customer is satisfaction in service along with moto to serve . And the same I felt there .
 High waiting time... .
 and fast services
 Vodafone cant be cmpared with anyone but services compared to it are very unreasonable and low
 Poor behaviour
 utlet solved my problem at instance .its very appreciable . Thanks
 You can call me for that
 Customer service was good , store was looking very beautiful etc
 Jab koi sarahniy karya karta hai to usse santusti milti aise logo ki prasansa to karni hi chahiye kyoki iss samay aise logo ko pana bahut hi muskil karya hai .
 As already explained dissatisfaction at their inability to give a clear understanding and explanation why and 202mb has been used up A similar thing happened even last year and was promised a reply to my complaint regret nothing was forthcoming Sincerely hope that there is not a 3rd instance of my goingto face through such losses
 1, Please give me recharge of 34 for which I paid cash at counter . 2. Tell me speed entitled for customer like me of 248,unlimited for 30 days 3.What fluctuations in speed are normal & acceptable if u are customer? ? 4. How can u redress my grievances ? 5.How u will compensate me for the time wasted byme due to low speed of 0-10 KB/ sec ? Please answer my 5 queries . I have not edited my message replies
 The attitude of employee is as non co operative and machine show que no is wrong and time consumption job in vodafone
 Please keep more counters open so that th waiting time it's shorter . Thx
 All charges levy on me r extra . No downloads were done bu me . All r extra charges by vodafone . I m planning portability to idea
 Happy to HELP from guard to customer service
 Very Good Job
 Being a Senior Citizen I was promptly attended to . Analysing my usage I was advised most optimum plan Customer Care Executive was very cordial and had put extra efforts to overcome my physical limitations . Hence the rating
 mmunication skills can be improved . She is good at convincing . Happy with the experience . Thank you vodafone . Have quality people .
 d a customer delight experience . Wishing the entire Vodafone happy new year . Cheers Prem
 service is satisfactory but call rates to come down
 Service was good at the store
 Good services by Sreenivas & Thara
 Previous we got very good this time better so our ratings like this
 Your executive who collects payment is not fully aware of the differences B/w pre/post paid.Ultimately your manager must be able to offer the cheaper mode .
 Executive Ameen was patience clear my problem.vodafone a should have more executive like him
 . Pl help
 Huge crowd and low staff had to wait for 30min for my turn and no sitting arangement
 They talking each other without answering my request . Sim replacement they charged rs 25 and I asked the bill didn't given .
 Your systems are not customer friendly
 Good reaponse
 You have taken my case on top priority and resolved immediately .
 The service rep was courteous, helpful, transparent and showed good attitude to attend to our needs promptly .
 Really very nice i am happy with u r staffs and i am happy with vodafone Thanku
 Network issue is still continue i ll go to mnp portout . And dnd isssue is still continue . But i visit new store motera wow ! Amazing store and atmospear also.amd also store manager and staff will care to customer .
 Your service is good
 Excellent
 nother subscriber .
 Good communication, associate is a custmer positive responsblity .
 'Staff esp manager was affable, work was done in a jiffy
 The way of communications
 I like ur store persons Receptiom, humbleness and wsy of tackling Customers .
 The interaction with the officer @ the store was very satisfying . All my concerns were resolved on the spot and I was suggested better tariff plans . Overall experience was a delight ! Thanks a lot .
 Approach, understanding the problem and offering quick and reasonable solutions .
 Good service
 First i was welcomed and heared my problem and assurred me that my problem will be sortout within 24 hrs and i am happy that within an hour i got result
 Nice
 I feel your people understand very fast ...... .
 Very nice service and no disturbance
 There was so much football..but executives were quick..nd my sim also got activated in an hour..so i m satisfied..nd i want to give full ratings. .
 Courteous prompt in service there is not too much waiting involved .
 Good reply...and I am satisfied...thank you .
 Store is meet and clean well maintain; staff is well dressed ;listening customer with pacence &try to help as possible
 1>No call is connecd between 11 pm to 11.30pm even after showing full range . 2> no good internet plan .
 They're working for worship
 Bad
 Staff were very co-operative however all these rating is subject to solve my problem . Failing which i will be constrained to take help of consumer forum
 Pls, call me after 8:00 am .
 Company policy that I can disconnect my connection only on the billing date or else I'll have to pay much more .
 I am not download ndtv But vodafone charge 49 rupees Hi say one time charge But not received me sms Your profits increasing Idia I am bakara
 Your executive was quite curteous and helpful
 Use forms that are in sim packet . Take instant snap of customer and id proof and do only electronic form and avoid papers
 My request was handled in an efficient and timely manner . Thank you
 Good service prvider
 I apprieciate
 Good job
 good handling
 Excellent services, please always maintain the same .
 It was fast & quick .I got solution of my problem
 Associates at the store need to be more focused on their job
 Way of talking is nice and satisfied all my quries and store was very well maintaned
 I have visited to change my plan as per my company cug . But the store people don't have privilege . Please give full privilege to Vodafone store .
 Very nice &very satisfied service .
 Associate was able to answer queries & also able to reverse the late payment charges
 Nothing for complaint . Best service by vodafone all the time . I m very satisfied customer of vodafone .
 HAPPY WITH THE SERVICE
 The store associate had the perfect product knowledge and helped me in solving my problem
 Ask some one to visit and understand
 Its really a good experience with your executive Mr. Nasir He is really happy to help me in fact all the customers
 It's a very good experience
 Your Ex.not solv my prob . and said this is over frnchisi out late we no power to solv your prob .
 Overall experience was good. . But i think some associates in the store didn't have cmplete knowledge about some services and they were a bit lazy. . Hopeit helps..! ! Good luck..! !
 Month end Outgoing call r discontented bill i is not
 I needed conferencecall service activated . Asking for a deposit for such a service is completely unnecessary .
 Your staff is really rude ..
 Keep up the awesome service
 Store is good but the service is very poor infact no one knows about problem in your store am trying to resolve my problem nothing else if store managercan't understand with my problem I don't want to continue with your number
 Service is really bad not satisfied
 My work got completely soon than thought
 Issue not fixed . Data connection keeps falling to edge though I have 3G pack enabled . Not sure for what I am paying extra for 3G.
 Hy dis is piyush sadh . N m saying m vry disapointing wid the internet problem only network prob . Hope u can do best service for meee . Thnk you
 I was fully satisfied
 Had to wait for 4mins for just a new sim
 mer agent . Thank you so much
 Actually the bill amount is getting high and higher in last six month i am very disapointed with the bill of vodafone .at chandiwali kiosk i circulate plan in a small plan
 I went for getting a nano Sim and ended up porting to a postpaid connection:-) nice marketing:-) and the executive was so helpful in updating . Thanks much
 I got the plan as per my need
 Because he is very helpful .
 Initially nobody listens to problem . Go here n there . At somew point person thinks where d hell came roAmin lyk dumbs
 Great experience
 Keep it up. . u guys are really happy to help
 1) interiors are good as advertised, 2)would not play with koisk (help ur self billing machine) as it is gaint mess, 3) services & interactions from executives were very poor & irresponsible,4)it should be upgraded with new computers .
 I went to the store regarding a complaint no which wasn't resolved within the promised time . But the store associate did not give a resolution and ratherasked me to wait for another 24 hours . The complaint hasn't been resolved yet . I have had enough and now decided to change my network from Vodafone to some other network . Its been nearly 4 daydream and my issue is not resolved yet .
 lso I do not think anyone reads these messages . Since the telecom service you provide is terrible
 Nicely talking N try to give hope to solve the problem Nicely explain But . Still not getting solution, I have hope to see again for further procedure
 Responce was not gud from lady in your vodafone store,second thing is my problem still not solve Please solve my problem as soon as possible
 Simply good
 If your employees conducted any crimes/misguided some one(consumer) . That time nobody accept complain against the person . Every one is pack up with each other .
 Worst services for post paid customers .
 Vodafone service is very useful I really liked.thanks Vodafone
 Well I don't have any -ve feedback . Overall response was good .
 Good customer support . Wrongly I have entered zero actually it is 10.
 Your coustmer don't know where is your store, n new coustmer suffering drinking water for coustmer not avl . With identify
 Do not following me on the my number
 The person at the billing counter misbehaved and had not given any recieving of the bill,asking for any written decleration he said vodaphone doesnt giveany bill reciept,he was ready to give it hand written without any stamp,,,i have the whole proof of the record,store head also took very casually afterbringing it to notice,the person at billing counter was misbehaving
 r sims . Despite this and despite providing my DL, PAN card and Adhaar card copy, I am still awaiting card activation which was to happen within 2 hrs ofy cooperative, I am yet to have the connection activated- surprisingly since all the necessary docs have already been submitted when acquiring the earlieI'm a postpaid customer . I have 2 sims already with Vodafone and needed another new one hence, the visit to the store today . Though the executive was ver
 Absolute chaos every where...had to spend 2hrs 15 mins in the shop to get to my turn...dont understand why customers cant fill address change form themselves...my token number was 124...guy with 121 missed his call and when 124 was called 121 guy went in...your associate did not release me 124 back to theq and by the time he finished 121 it was 134 being called out else wherefurther instead of calling 124 again the guy is calling 135 as if i m just there to see him working...pathetic customer service...i seriously wish i dontget any requirement to visit your store again
 He is good emp and i enjoy m pase good fast service thank's
 my experience is good
 1. Extremely rude behaviour of customer care people in tnagar and porur branches of chennai 2. Lost money twice with incorrect pamphlets and when I raised complaint they neglected it and ill treated me 3. Customer care guy sounded like a gundar and disconnected the call saying 'customer didn't hear me soI am disconnecting the call' 4. Went to Vodafone store 4 times to get service worth my money but still I was not given services for RC42 & BC21 5. Dailed 198 and they said thy will send me email address over message, twice I called and still I have not received message 6. Overall it's waste of time associating with Vodafone because of poor knowledge of staffs in show room and illiterate customer care ppl
 Your service centre associates severely lack on inter personal communication, customer relation, and engagement skills . I always find them very unfriendln and unwelcomed . And most of my visits over last one and half year have been without any solution and have not been any proactive measures to resolve myy and get a feeling as if they are working without being paid for the job . In addition they very untrained and give a feeling as if customers are a burdeproblem and have always been asked to contact call centre as the person responsible is not available in the store .
 Good service..but network problem and chief scheme in my no .
 Immediate response, priority to grievances and finally, complete professional approach to finding solutions are among the initiatives I like the most
 Vodafone service and staff very bad now a days
 I don't get a proper solution, one executive she is laughing me . She is under estimate my prblm
 I was happy with the services, was really time efficient .
 The best answer to all your questions is my purpose of visaing your store was served asap , thank you Vodafone and to the team .
 Kindly resolve it
 Good
 yes
 If out of out, den der r no comments .
 There are lots of terms and comditions its too hard to complete all this requirement try to be normal so all people who visit your store feel satisfied
 Slow process and negligence .
 Your service and your associate are best .
 NA
 Sone do
 h the service at the store. . Bt highly dissappointed by the company as it shows my unbilled amount as rs . 7040/- .
 The store associate speak English a little fast, hard to understand for foreigner .
 One of the guy from store was extremely novice . Finally the manager helped me in real extent . Thanks a lot Milind . U r d man
 Patience, quick understanding of the problem & prompt solution of the same by the personnel . Keep it up .
 offered any seat or refreshments though they were waiting for so long . There are many more but above is more important .
 Because in this number i was not able to send msg from some time . So i reach in care and they do the solution .
 Excellent Service
 Your plan n rules r not help full to me problm not solved
 Bcoz hes wrkd fast
 Service quality is going down day by day. . Balance deduction is going continuously
 Please improve your cordination
 I have problem of browsing with my 3g pack few days 3g not working properly...after complaint also I dnt hv any solution .
 Your service is good but in some areas we r facing connectivity problem & also some times conjession problem too specially in pick hours Thanks
 Still the GPRS service not activated. .
 I like to change some other network because your bills trafis nt satisfied
 No comments for quality work
 Are tumari compny ne mera sara kam khrb kr diya main 10 dino se preshan hu koi sunta ni h 111,198, pe call kr kr k thk gya hu har bar call hold krke cutdo ab ???kr dete h or a. Tk mera internet thk ni hua uska karan mera nuksan ** gya voda store pe gya to wo wait kro wait kro bolte h or kitna wait kru bhai bta
 Worst experience
 Very good service
 They don't know latest post paid plan details and finally I got plan details but it takes 40min .
 Store associate was not helpful at all she was not even replying to my questions I even asked her if she was unwell or any problem she didn't show any concern she just took my complain and have me an complaint number
 The main reason behind my high ratings was that there was no heavy rush today..if it would have been..it'd have been a tough task for your work force tocater to all the needs patiently..but that's understandable . Overall..quite satisfied with my visit to the store as the officials were softspoken and ready to help and my need was taken care of . Keep it up guys !
 No comments
 Kind, considerate and very helpful.. .
 Happy with vodafone
 Not now
 plz don't tell lie to ur customers
 Its fine .. over all good
 Good
 Very helfull person . With great communication skill
 Y
 1 no service on Vodafone
 The sim I purchased is not yet active .
 ilarly i hv been charged downloading charges of rs 50 or 100 many times . Due to this i've to visit ur store once or twice in a week . Plus yoour store associates don't know how to talk .
 Very satisfied
 **** OFF ASSHOLES!! !
 No
 The person to some I spoke at the kiosk, was rude and unwilling to help me properly . He was just trying to avoid the case by just saying we can't do anytnk you for your bad service and leaving me with the frustration .
 10 thanks
 The reason behind my -ve feedback ls the inordinate delay in crediting the paid bill amount to my account . I was told that the paid amount will be credited to my a/c in 15 minutes, witch actually took 18 hrs .
 Good
 I went to the vodafone store,Rajouri garden New Delhi 110027 yesterday and the responses from store manager (Barkha) were not at all expected being in customer service,her responses were very rude and i would surely take this matter to consumer court.... !
 very much .
 So that you all give me a good future network service . .. .
 Very good Service
 I also asked for CUG plan for Mahindra and Mahindra . Still no reply to my email .
 Please coneect
 Very dissatisfied
 The executive was very sharp ,undetstand my query quikly and short out my issue i am very happy with the service
 anager itself
 I m very happy after visited the Vodafone store..........its my first experience. .& it was so fantastic........thnx..... .
 r really excellent Liza was good worker try to bring her back Rgds Rajiv singbal 9890018720
 ut actually it is not done so due to this issue I have faced many problems sometimes my bills get raised beyond my expectations
 Data plan activated without my consent . Not done . Plz rectify
 Helped solve our problems promptly .
 t my calling into data package and there is no confirmation and even no response received from the executive
 Now awaiting your favourable response
 Overall experience was good,it was hard to find plans according to need so please make some flexible plans .
 I submitted my documents before 2 week . He tell me that within 72 hr your connection has been activated but till not service given us and also they harras me
 Service was too good and fast
 I paid for vip number 3 times beacause mistake of your vodafone worker .
 No respect for the customers,they don't know how to treat the customers .
 Very dissatisfied
 I.was.very.pleased.with.efficient.interaction.with.your.representative..thanks .
 When 2G plan cannot be processed then since yesterday why store and bpo kept on promising to activate within one hour after every enquiry . I have informed to cancel the 2G plan ensure charges are not included in my bill for lousist services .
 Wow moment for me
 I have isssues with my network connections for the past 7 month's . I'd like to have this sorted . Thanks in advance .
 Ur vodaphone billing system is not properly calibrated . It shows more bill as compared to actually .
 Keep it up and please gift me something for associating with vodafone for a very long time..please
 Good
 Staff s co operative only think they should b little quick
 I paid my bill on 20/12 and yet line was not activated until I had to come to the store today queue up and explain the issue . I don't appreciate your customer service delivery and looking at options of switching to Airtel soon . Have been your loyal client for many years but seems u don't care and customerservice stinks ! Thanks .
 It takes too much time to get to get anything done as some of them are busy playing games on their phones . Moreover the agents are rude and unfriendly .
 Thanks for your help me
 i was third in the que in the morning when the shop opened and the guy at the desk treated me well hense the rating
 Very good service provide by sachin sharma
 TOTAL SATISFICATION.PROFESSIONALLY & PERSONALISED CUSTOMER SERVICE.
 The employee Regina was very polite& we are satisfied with the service .
 Good
 Staff was not equipped with complete information & I had to repeatedly ask for facilities . Staff was more interested in selling new sim card than resolving my points
 0 service not friendly 0 response towards coustmer.. .
 Serves good and m happy
 I got my solution on the desk, even I learn to resolve it my own, it's a lovely feeling . Thanks
 It is nearest and good staff
 Plese call me
 Politeness attentionand making the things understand in simple way was quite impressive
 all ****
 Good service, full info given , agents coprative. .
 Good job . Keep it up .
 It was good exp .. .
 NANGANALLUR VODAFONE STORE GIVES RESPECT TO CUSTOMERS.....THEY ARE VERY SUBMISSIVE....ONE PROBLEM.....THERE ARE NO MORE SEATS FOR WAITING CUSTOMERS
 Pradeep he is an excellent excute in all parameters
 Service is nice But what I want is unlimited postpaid plans for calling and unlimited plan for 3G services
 I m NT satisfied with services for Vodafone because I have NT downloaded any thing but Vodafone charged and also they charged too much roaming charges ill NT pay this amount to Vodafone ill pay only my usage otherwise I want tha settlement with Vodafone
 Nice
 When i entered the store i was the 2nd person and it took 30min to atten me al the staffs are simply roaming and chit chatting here and there
 When i went to your vodafone store,i was in a very happy mood,but after having a word with your associate RAHUL,that guy was very rude with me .
 Very good helping
 005400610074002000650078006500630075007400690076006500200063006C006500610072006C00790020006500780070006C00610069006E006500640020007400680065002000700072006F0064007500630074007300200061006E006400200076006500720079002000700061007400690065006E0063006500200074006F00200065007600650072007900200063007500730074006F006D006500720073002E
 Customer service can be still better
 Staff speaking in Hindi addresses senior citizen as "tu, tera, tum koh" instead addresing as "aap or aap koh" . Guess u r employing 10 th paased student who can't differentiate apple from an orange . 2ndly he wanted drive us away by each time saying OK, appeared as if his duty hours were ending
 The service at the store is very slow and they never complete the job within the time they say they will do it in
 Unsatisfactory experience
 It was worst I was harresd vv much . I went twice than also my work didn't happen!! !
 I have rated after my visit to the store and with the service i have got from the store
 hi..just went for a small request at vodafone store and the cce their is so mind blowing who did a tremendous job by solving my query with lighting speed
 I have visited a couple of showrooms in the city to get a 3 in 1 sim... . Where ever I go the sim was not available.. . Finally was forced to take a nano s
 Awsome service awsome network awsome plans awsome understanding thanx to vodafone
 3rd answer: 10
 Happy
 Exellent service
 When i enter the store . Your executive said there there is no any sim available in store after confirmation from me post to prepaid . And your executive sis the third time to visit the store for the same work post to prepaid but i am very sorry to say about executive.............aid so many rules to change from post to prepaid . Now i am decided to change the operator into airtel to see this type of inconvience from vodafone . This
 My experience at store was satisfactory .
 Had a wonderful experience with Mr Prafful bhatia . It waz a nice taLk
 As it is good and it doesnt take so much time for our sevices and help us if we our in any problem related to it
 Actually in Vodafone . ...singal doesn't catch sometimes ....we have 2 take someone's else mobile 2 call (of other simcard) .. .
 Service is very nice nd I m satisfied
 So kind & possitive attitude with the customers. . Thanx. .
 queries are sorted n warmly welcome
 I am happy with your serveice
 I made the Vodafone payment to a wrong number hence I visited ur store to rectify my mistake. . But it was so shocking to hear from ur agent Tht they won't be able to help me. . They suggest me to visit some other store. . After spending an hour in Vodafone store if I will get such and Answer definatly my rating will be this. . Unfortunalty my money is gone and I am not able to recover the same. . Thanks for such a service
 Like the way they deal n understand our problem
 In fact they do not want to really help to customers . They try to make excuses to save their efforts . After a consistant my effort they tend to write a mail to vodafone company for knowing the reason who and how and why connection got temporary suspended .
 Courteous,competent,caring
 I hate this service of shit. .
 The sophisticated nature of employees, their eagerness and zeal to help the customers made me give such rating . Thank you so much .
 Using Vodaphone since very long time and always getting good response & service .
 Good . Espically Revathi service was excellent .
 I had simple query lik wen will my outgoing calls would be invoked after paying the bill . For that simple question i had to take a token nd wait till mychance. . A single answer would hav done nd would have saved my time .
 n city center store .
 Service was good but little behind in punctuality.. . Thank you
 The store assosiate was efficient and he really helped me with each amd every query that i had but everytime have noticed that whenever i visit the vodafone store in south city there's not much rapidity in work . Once i have issued tge token i get the call almost like after minimal waiting of 40 mins . It works really slow .
 Very nice service . Thanks Vodafone .
 Very clear & perfect approach of each employee in Vodafone store at Kumaram road, Tirupur .
 As soon as I entered the shop a lovely lady greeted me with a smile . I spoke English and she answered in English and sorted my problem in less than 5 minutes . NOW THAT IS SERVICE.
 More care and fast processing of any request .
 Happy 2 help attitude g8 service provide by Mr goel
 Good product knowledge and service super quickly problam solved anywey your executive good knowledge... .
 Irritating response by people over their
 98 without prior notice, charging for 3g for 400 Mb without properly explaining the reasons and courtesy of staffs .
 Long waiting Improper explanation of problem
 Overall the associates were helpful in clearing all my doubts about retaining my number . And most importantly they activated my number in 2 hours time . Iam very satisfied with their immediate help . Thank you Vodafone associates .
 My problem was solved
 Wrong Information provided by Customer Care Executive, Vodafone Store, Shakarpur Khas, Counter-D Name - Sunil
 talented employees .
 Didn't enquire complete problem, didn't co-op fully with senior citizen, solution was suggested by others but after arguments You as organisation shouldtry to accomodate senior citizens by slightly bending rules . Thses remarks shouldn't affect services to me . R. Shahbazker
 0047006F006F0064002E002E002E002E00690020006C0069006B006500200074006F0020006200200069006E00200076006F006400610066006F006E0065002E002E002E002E006C0069006B006500200073006500720076006900630065002000760065007200790020006D007500630068002E002E002E
 Over all iam satisfied by the service provided by your company specialy the executive Adarsh Kanojia to whom I communicated .
 It was really Nice Visting store.. . exec . Was coperate.. . really appreciate Vodafone service... .
 It was all very Gud. .
 Visit to vodafone gallery is never helpful . The staff lacks process training as they don't have proper knowledge and hence are not able to solve customerqueries .
 He is very friendly .. . treated me well
 All is Well
 Was an awesome experience an complete staff was supportive
 I am satisfied with she's service good
 She is attending me in very good manner Or help me to resolve my trouble
 k road branch manager
 It's was great interaction with the people of the store .
 Gone with some problem which was simple and resolvable but your executive have added value to the problem rather then giving solution if possible arrangea call back I am ready explain whole senario
 My problem was addressed with alternates favourable for me . And made my IR plan affordable . With smiling face and courteous words .
 I needed help with my blackberry phone,he wasn't available . I also needed help with my nokia phone even he wasn't available
 Your store experience was ok . But phone based customer care was a nightmare . I got new answeres for the same problem every single time i called . I suggest you explain the process to your employes before deploying them on floor . I seriously wish that i dont have to call ur customer care again.DISSAPPOINTED!!! !
 Once my mobile data was deleted by mistake, I got my What's up downloaded . Even I had forgotten my password, your lady staff prepared new email id for me
 Store are good but vodafone customer care is pothetic
 I am totaly satisfied
 i'm saticified with your service .
 Your executive are very lazy & he not comfortable to coustmer !
 The service from ur store is very nice,within few minits problem solved buy ur server .
 We r using since 14 yrs and no complaints
 The best service
 Ok am satisfied with their services:-)
 Very Gud experience ..
 I have a complaint pending since 12 October . And even your store people could not give a solution to it .
 Good service
 Surprisingly no rush today and got answers to all my queries
 Ok not bad. .
 Pathetic exp
 turn out time by executive was superb . The ambince of the gallery was very pleasent with minimum noise level . Overall the reputation of vodafone is wellmaintained . My best wishes to keep it up . Thanks n regards .
 Im facing network problem at home . Nobody has a solution .
 Improve in customer service otherwise it's very difficult for Vodafone to survive in India
 Dissatisfied
 Best store manager and staff i have ever come across . Prompt solution to my problem . Very friendly .
 Superb company
 Fully satisfied n delighted for service & 10 /10 for Vodafone executive Mayuri .
 Excellent response from the store representative
 No comments
 The interaction is completely satisfied and easy to understandable
 Connection poor. . Staff good. . InterNet worse
 Good exprince with your executive
 Improve your customer satisfaction level
 It's 6 years with you..barring very negligible things it had been n
 In future I will never go to Vodafone store
 to talk to customer his behaviour was soo soooo **** rude and because of his ******** behaviour I am changing my operator I am going into airtel now
 All good but my visit fail due to no result
 Please fix the token machine in vodafone dwarka store . Rest everything was satisfactory .
 Very good & very helpfull
 The store boy had good hand on my problems , He fully determined towards his job, I am fully satisfied with his working, The way he handles the problem & everything... .
 not used it
 Speedily attended me & also other customers . Thanks .
 Its been a good time with vodafone services . I would appreciate it.. !
 Mr. hardik no doubt solved my query . But I rated 6 for one of the que . bcas courtsey level was not to what i expect from Vodafone . A customer sud not fee
 Good.Thank you for your kind service .
 When I approached I was not properly answered by the cashier, and the attender Iretracted with me very polite even I was little unsatisfied mood
 Nice, prompt and cooperative staff Satisfied
 It's going to be a long mssg . Pls . Give your mail ID so that i wll be able to you in detail . My id is mehtatinku@gmail . Com . Thax
 Person attending was very attentive.could have got more help from customer care .my birth date is wrong despite all proofs which is surprising .
 Best of the best
 004D00720020006100640061007200730068002000770061007300200076006500720079002000680065006C007000660075006C006C00200074006F0020006D00650020006900200077006F0075006C00640020006700690076002000680069006D00200031003000200072006100740069006E00670020006F007500740020006F00660020
 Yes i am very satisfied with your service and it was really good to handle to customers care who give all knowledge about my plan.. . Good job ;) :)
 Thanks
 Over all satisfied
 There was 10 counter at Kalyan store but only 3-4 executive was on seat to handle customer queries . It took 1hr to speak for 5 min and waiting time was > 45 min
 Vodafone has extended in large area and for the same network issue is more So please clear the network i e mainly coverage problem Do the need ful
 Was made to take a token when 2 peiple were free after taking token the 2 free became 3 free out of which 2 were shown the crowd gathered on the food court by the security staff and when was busy on his mobile then one staff walked out of the store whereas the other disappeared inside..then emerged afterapprox 5 min and when he settled in his chair I was told quite in a gigusting manner by the security to approach himn all the while the other person on he of data tranfer from my BB to Lumia I was asked by this person to come with a data cable..left with disgust sorry to say
 network in my number quite poor after 3G activated in my number .
 Still Now I won't Get Full Satisfaction Of Your Company.Pls Give More Better Plans For Prepaid& Postpaid to Customers . Thank U.... .
 Plz guide how to talk with the company for any Qieries ?
 The person didn't know how to solve the issue . Asked me to call 198 during that time she was not at all concerned about my issue and was not even sitting to attend me .
 All is done in a quick time, but not able to understand when my postpaid plan is changing in 24 hours and 48 hours
 Chan service
 The employees are so busy in their routine core they act like robot , let them know each customer is unique human being as they are, rgds
 I feel lot of time waste than actual related to problam all ways
 should have been asked from department of tech .
 The vodafone staff is very heipfull
 Nice
 Too much bad service
 111 Call center misbehaved and store could not solve my query of why my post paid 7575033222 was suspended w/o information to me ?
 I am very happy with their instant response when i get there . Hope youll continue the same service forever
 Amrit d manager is dam good
 Quick, accurate and prompt response
 Excess unwanted calls.still not resolved .
 Wrong info . about the plan,not taking my concern seriously to which i travelled 4-5 times to the store in a month,3counters bt only 1 is active= waste of time
 your staff members are very helpfull and this is the reason for my rating :-)
 Kushali one of your paldi store representative handles the customer in a good way .
 Very good service
 No priority for senior citizen .
 It was good but you should give additional benefits to the customers who purchase from red vodafone stores
 Excellent service
 I'm very much worried about you customer centric approach as this might lead to closing of your business in telecom Industry if it continues in the sameway . You have disconnected my service for unknown reason for 4 days no og calls and when I chased you for activation you did it and there is no confirmation call or apologize for you ****** mistake. . You should be glad that I dint sue you in consumer forum . Have some decency on how to treat customers .
 Very good infrastructure, well managed system, very disciplined and well behaved professional employee but I was not convinced by explanations and maths .
 From last 2 month i am getting harassed from your service ....got ported from loop mobile ...but given wrong plan ...till now my problem is not solve byur service. . Non of your staff are help full nor corporation.. .
 Good
 My experience is good with Vodafone store
 Good service from Vinod . Simple .
 Ok
 Very Good .
 It my great experience so I appreciate
 Awesome agents
 Services provided are gud..wrk is done speedily n in easy way..I m totally satisfied wth the services
 Good
 If u r taking it seriously,call me back.... .
 They immediately help me to resolve my problem
 Your back office system is very very poor
 Neglecting documents controlling,already 20 days passed for changing address .
 Awsme service
 Good
 Port out no . Is still not being send
 Non cooperative attitude.Especialy your people at ghatkopar office .
 The issue resolution was immediate and speedy . The estimated time for activation was perfect .
 I went with 4 issues and only 1 was solved . For all others there was some excuse or the other . I'm certain that had they sought permission from senior there were ways to help us . In the process they also lost an opportunity to sell us a card .
 Thanks for the good saport
 The representative was not well informed and didn't have etiquettes to speak with customer
 re I had to walk hard for about 2 km and response was negligible
 BECOSE OF YOUR SERVICE AND BACK OFFICE SUPPORt . Its very poor .
 The rep was doing lot of chit chat, side talk with other employees . Even though i said its urgent still she took more than expected time and was arrogant
 Wrong entry
 ile using airtel sim . So you need to upgrade your infrastructure . Network issue is the only thing that is preventing me from going Postpaid .
 Good Services Thanks
 When some body visits to the store to get the conclution for their issues . But the store people not able to conclude and they are also raising complaintmore than a year now it is not available for my number . So I am noy happy with store and Vodafone service provider itself . That's all
 Furstrating
 The staff is very courteous & helpful . The service is prompt .
 Because my problem was sorted out quickly
 I am overcharged for the services I used;did not find Postpaid at all useful .
 me which is disgusting
 Visited the store yesterday and wanted to convert my postpaid number to prepaid . They literally ignored my request and told me to visit some other store .
 This is corporate connection need to collect nano sim documents required to obtained that sim was not communicated completely first visit and also not on second visit and when i went there on third day again same issue and was only resolved when we loose our patience it was better to loose your temper onfirst visit
 I m very satisfied of ur servise
 No awareness about y the direct debit was stop on my number .
 Good
 No such specific reason . I am satisfied .
 I don't understand what is the use of the store if they don't have the detailed infirmation about the deduction . They are making randomly excuses .
 Network related issues are left unresolved from pay 4 months & no proper commitment from the executives .
 Cce behaviour was very nice and cooperative
 I haven't visited the vodaphone gallery recently; so asking for feedback is irrelevant
 Cc ex don't know to smile . Zero product knowledge .
 The store associate was helpful.. .
 The service I received was simple and effective . Appreciated the efforts to provide the additional packs available for my number . Thank you .
 It took lot of time to wait for my turn . There is no sitting arrangement . It is very painful to stand and wait for turn . So many people are standing inside . It is really suffocating to stand inside for long time
 I went there to change my billing address , but your executives failed to do that
 When I visit to your store representative convince me by service and behaviour
 Service is speed and good
 ly harassed me . There is no one to listen to me . No one i ur department ready to help me . All are inhumans . If u call me den I can explain my situation .
 Very satisfied no.10
 I feel happy to all services and interaction of executive
 0053006500720076006900630065002000770061007300200067006F006F0064263AD83DDE01
 Helped but not that friendly . Normal interaction . Sud be more friendly ar aspected...... . Bit slow.. .
 Excellent
 Good services
 I still did not get my internet data plan ?
 Very helpful staff . Could do with some more staff to speed up the wait .
 ount for such usages . This shows your selfish motive .
 Your representive said your no.will start in 20 minute but it took 1 day..when i asked the reason he said he put the wrong sim number .. .
 Vodafone is froad.... .
 The store associate was very helpful this time however I had to visit the store 4 times coz every time I was given incomplete information about the requirement, however the associate Imran with whom I interacted the fourth time was very helpful and was able to get my job done properly .
 Best
 It is not always the case, but this time it was swift and smooth, thankfully .
 Very good
 They were polite and helpful .
 Thanks for the good service's .
 when i called voda care they said i am eligible . Nobody had the correct answer . When i asked to meet store manager they didnt bother to call him .
 As I am happy using your services. . also quick response and solution to my query. . Thanks .
 Nice.. . as usual get a resolution for any concern .
 Vodafone is best network
 I am happy
 Vodaphone store did not help me to transfer my contacts from old sim to new sim . I had to spend 150 rupees in a private shop nearby to get this done which took 3 minutes to do . Vodaphone could have done this . Vodaphone should compensate me for this inconvenience and waste of my time .
 Service is too good.. . Charges is too much in postpaid without useage hence I convert into prepaid. . I want micro sim in prepaid but store representive is given me a normal card.. . What is it yar?? ?
 It's Good and fast service I recieved from vadafone Keep it up
 it was a good service
 if it continues then i will switch to airtel . i have total 4 corporate connection . thanks . amit
 I had to change from micro to nano sim . This was accomplished very smoothly .
 The service provided by the official at the counter was fast, prompt and in a good manner .
 Time is money for us .
 Good service
 No comments
 O. K. Thank you .
 Very friendly and understanding .
 First off I was made to wait for a long time to get a SIM. Only when I asked why it's taking time it was informed that the scanner had an issue to take aphoto copy of my ID proof . Good Customer service is to let the Customer know about the delay before they ask . They said it'll be activated within 2 hey need to verify to remove the SIM from safe custody . Ok done . Still SIM not active . Called again and they inform that the SIM is damaged and I need to go to the store again to get a new SIM. So is this Customer service?? ? You make a person wait for long hours and after a day it's revealed that the SIM is damaged . I'm really disgusted with the service . I wanted to cancel this number long back but good guy convinced me to retain but now no more . Thanks a million for such a service .
 The store associate was prompt and clear in his communication and reassuring in his tone .
 Vry coperatv n undrstndng staff provided gud n fast service
 Nice
 It was a very warm&prompt service what I experienced .
 Excellent
 i m really satisfy to your service and Mr Umesh was really helpful n corporative. . God bless you. . Thanks
 Vodafone network and store services is very good .
 Customet service Rep is very rude and non cooperative . She told new plan will start in next 4 hrs & confirmation will be sent by SMS. STILL WAITING evenafter20 hrs .
 I will call u even though she was free n her tone was also not good . I have to wait there for 15 min to get my no even though there was four desk .
 Prompt attention, good knowledge, willingness to assist
 The staff was very friendly their response to start my safe keeping was very quick and they were very courteous
 INTERIORS FANTASTIC, STAFFS ARE POLITE,THEY ARE LISTENING(MISS.ANU) TO CUS. QUERIES CAREFULLY.TOTALLY NICE ATMOS.
 I am very happy with the service
 He helps me for further infromation about connection
 U have a team of useless guys at ur store
 When i qustion your system was not working
 'Happy 2 help' you is true .
 i was a frequent traveller, where ever i go i dont get service like vodafone, im my point of view "Excellent service ever"
 Good job done by associate . Easy to understand problem . Take action immediatly .
 See improvement in staff attitude Hope same continues
 agar store.both the people were impatient . Store was stuffy as the air con was off .
 I had the worst services experiance with you . U have not delivered what you committed at the time of issuing the postpaid connection to the consumers
 Systematic and Quality service, prompt action , customer satisfaction
 Cooperation and support of the rep
 Seamless and quick resolution to my request . The next steps were clearly mentioned by the store associate . He knew his job very well and was fully conver
 My bal is not reverted back to my account for which I have already made couple of calls to customer care and have visited twice to vodafone store still balance is not received . This issue is going on from past 6 days . No one bother to reslove the issue
 my coupon no . was 100...the screen showed 100 A but i was not called another no . was called . B desk was dealing with 99...waited for 25 min & left wihoutbing attended . Two months back Vodafone store did not send my request to close down a no .& i was not aware about it till i made enquiries of my security
 Nathing
 It was a good exp but i had tm face a long que
 Very gud experience
 Excilent service
 are grumbling @it . Please improve your service .
 My bill paid is late because of bill paper Bill was not recieved at my home and you charged me late fees of 50 rupees And give me extra bill of download
 Very high waiting time it took 30 min to meet associates . Finally what change in plan I had asked for its not done as she told me that it will be sent for approval . But till today I don't know whether it s done or not done
 Very nice
 Satisfied
 Was told that the new sim I got wud be activated in 2 hours . But its now almost 20 hours and still no progress .
 Gud
 Be clear in information, ur in the market because of us . Do not fool by hiding things
 Very good
 Ratings were done based on that time how was it managed...there are several complaint counters but only one single cash counter which was making things very unpleasent..in the dombivli gallery
 Very good approching and sefvice .
 I am satisfied with services bciz you have very trained and supporting staff
 Nice
 Fully satisfied with the approach, helping nature and the results .
 1o
 Excellent service .
 Your didn't help I am going 2 times visit your store but ...... .
 Your service is very nice and i like it .
 Customer service exicutive is very good.Their service is up to the mark .
 Store advisors were attentive and approached me proactivly rather than waiting for me to approach them.All staff members were well groomed and hygiene . N
 service registration number 1640331294
 I got what I went to store for. . without any issues. .
 Service was very good
 Staff was polite and eager to help and guide
 Worst service ever expected
 Vodafone is a good service provider . I had good response from the store's associate they always listen to our issues and make them fix and definitely Vodafone always gives a good service and attention to there customers .
 because they are think that thay are all God (who are job in ur store)
 Nice people but not able to sort out my problem
 ent/unskilled 6. I change my 3G plan 4 times among this one time on advice of your customer care person but i always face lot of problem . Aways my 3G service interrupted for 3 days 7. your software is very bad 8. I installed my vodafone but i can say this is useless app 9. Representation of your post pends vodafone is very bad carrier 12. My english is very bad but thoughts are very appropriate
 store at Lajpat Nagar.only wish I have you fulfill what he explained .
 The executives/employees working at Vodafone store are good and helps me to solve my issues no problem. .
 your sim act process is very very bad
 Highly satisfied
 Cooperated & helped & to help again on next visit
 No where in the whole time the store associatives were helpful . They behaviour was rude and unacceptable
 It was really good . Keep it up! ! Just do ask them to keep the latest deals printed out
 Youre vodaphone store office in karolbage how stop deail the postpade castomer these responces very bad
 I have bn sent back five times....for som reason or the other.if u plan on harassing customers....then u should choose another industry and not a serviceindustry.absolutely hopeless .
 Lead Supervisor of store is full of attitude and do not deserve to be at customer service desk.Proactively deny the customer concern.However junior teamof store is polite .
 Good service
 Your service is very excellent .
 I have not been receiving my bills . I had given my email id, yet Vodafone cannot send an email to my bill 2. Yesterday was perhaps my 6th visit to your store, for the same complaint . 3. When I took the physical bill, a roaming pack was activated, without my knowledge, and you had charged me for the same . The store manager, admitted that it was a mistake . In fact, the person there was helpful, they know me as I always go there with the same recurrente any bill ? If you cannot provide adequate service. . then I should think of changing my service provider .
 Std calls are being charged against the numbers i dun even knoe...n also dey mention i hav downloaded two applications for wat i need to pay.. . When i confirmed dt i nva heard the applications names even last to last tym too i have been charged 639 extra for intrnet wen i m having unlimitef intrnet den itis being rectified aftr three days.. . I cnt tolerate dis behavior ol the tym
 Thanks for ur response . Firstly i had to wait for over 30 minutes to meet Store Associate . My visit was owing to frequent call dropped message whenevernearly 20 years I agreed and changed it . But even after that i am getting call dropped message . It is frustrating and started using landline.i dial a number in the last few days . Store Associate told me that my SIM card old and proposed to give a new SIM. Since i had not changed SIM CARD for
 As promised, I was to receive an sms regarding my SIM activation by 5pm but no such sms has been received till date
 Associates are friendly they know how to interact with the customers and to name a few, like Carolyne . So for me, its good to be a vodafone customer .
 Fist of all I got wrong information & confirmation from your side regarding postpaid plan and your confirmation department also given wrong information regarding plan and when i gave complain regarding this without any solution they close my complain and when i visit your store there they don't know how to treat customer and when I told them I want my old prepaid plan they told me to visit home branch and then I ask the address they told me they don't know the address and force me to use the wrong plan . I using this no from last 6th a and this is worst experience I had with you . I have been told more then20 people to take Vodafone connection but now I will tell that the customers support of vodka phone is worst then any thing .
 When I was entered in you vodafone store, including me there is just 2 customer r inside, but your people r just busy among them . Finally one of the guyattended me . After 10-12 min . This is not the voda service . Thanks Sudeep Bose
 I got my problems solved without any problem
 es the waiting time . My query was understood and solved promptly at the Store .
 erience. . Thanks. .
 Better customer service, prove there is no network like Vodafone, stop giving jazz about network and server issues and talk about real time
 conection in air tell.U ve dont care about ur customer.At mid knight i m reply to u.So u undrstand my problmr gd by.N be have ur self
 Very friendly
 Feedback
 The support staff was not at all supportive, I had issue of unwanted calls and messages that I was receiving since the number got activated and the solution I was provided by store manager was "to get my connection terminated and submit the SIM card". I must say that was pathetic response and service, after paying Rs . 1500-2000 per month this is what I get . Kudos to you guys at vodafone .
 It was a good experience . The store has been bit conjusted so have to wait for sometime . Overall the service is good
 The only problem was that the small sim made me run 3 times within 48 hours...it was issue of MNP Still I like the service of the people working in the store.They apologize for their mistake.It was good .
 Every time i have to tell that my bill is wrong
 My concern neither resolve nor attended due to incompetent store associate and I am still suffering inconvenience . Hiten D. Rathod
 I was given prompt service from polite staff
 very nice u r service
 Excellent
 Excellent welcome
 o know about Vodafone billing information . Thank you
 The signals of vodafone are week these days . The data signal is very poor despite having 3G connection
 executive was gud continue gud wrk wel dne waseem
 I am not satisfied
 I met hari om I accepted his way of talking very and very polite and soft spoken it was good it's not for 10 it's for 100%
 Stop the misguiding the customer for only the purpose of selling your product, The behave of your customer care executives r not good, One special link should be provided to the customer where they may lodge their complains and action should be taken immediately . Your stores should have the power to solveng so many imortant work and wasting so many times standing in queue with a hope that their problem will be solved.... . So a end stop should be provided
 Very good
 quested one of ur store executive to please help me and upgrade my sim to micro sim.. . She's so humble to me and she said wait let me see what I can do..er that I will like to port my number to airtel.. . Than she clearly said me that yeah sir its OK u can port ur number or come after one week.. . Then I reme so rudely and than she told me come after one week than I will get my sim.. . I told her that why would I put off my number for one week.. . And said hI want to upgrade my sim to micro sim. . But the executive told me that they don't have new prepaid sim.. . Then I talk to their supervisor she talked with
 Ur service is good, nyz interaction with customers .
 Apke sonipat store me deepmala ka behiwer bahut karab he aur usko bolne ki tamej nahi he Lekin apke store me shezad helpfull boy he
 I am loyal customer of vodafon since past 12 months and paid billed amount approx 1000 after that i am totally disagree with vodafon and its services andbehaviour of employew towards me is very rough and poor .
 No thanks .
 Apka agent shajad very good person aur customer ko bade acke tareke se atend karta
 Very good
 I am so happy to visit ur store . The experience is so good
 Your store associate is not conversant and convincing with his job .
 Am fully satisfied with your service. ! But just there is no arrangement of seating .! Service is full fast .! That we like the most
 I have taken 3g net pack of 2gb, but almost all the time connection is not there . One of the worst services I have ever seen . Feel like cheated ..... .
 Very good
 Service is good by ur employees
 I did not get the plan for which i was promised otherwise i would have given the full marks . Vodafone should keep its promise . I did not expect this from
 Excelent respons and good service
 Your person gave me very good service . He himself standing and done every work personally . Gave best explanation and response . And done work very helpfully .
 Response was very poor, and also I not got pack offer for my new cell Microsoft Lumia..plz follow up my request..thank u Vodafone.. .
 He is very honest he is respectable he is verycommanly man
 Executives are unable to handle customer queries
 I have complained several times about the poor network reception in my area and haven't really received any feedback or solution to it . Also, for the past 5 months, I have been charged for a blackberry service that I had cancelled . Disappointed service !
 Please waive of unnecessary downloading charges and please don't activate any pack in any number by mistake . Thanks
 I use Vodafone for business, it helps me I am happy.. .
 work to do then to visit vodafone
 It was great quick and prompt
 o proper customer care . on 198 there are only advertisement . But Vodafone is gradually losing the customers faith .
 Good service but slow
 0 interaction with custoner . No respect . Treatment like un invited guest .
 the customer care representative was totally not co operative
 Mr Bilal store associate has taken d responsibilte to activate d ISD services fr my mobile 7799707000 thanks to MR BILAL
 Pathetic service....call me on 9833982279 for more details
 Satisfied with the service
 cards, my bills are much higher . The attendants at shop are nice & decent enough to hear us through and offer suggestions .
 Excellent service .
 The prompt and appropriate reply from the associate there was good enough . They are really cooperative I feel like they are ready to help me when I haveany problem . .. . like a satisfactory response
 Service is good but coustly 3g data plan
 Good
 Siting arrangement not to good for waiting
 If u see my 1 Answer, it is clear cut I am sharing with u my experience with Voda Phone Last 6years, please read it then revert me
 Whatever customer wants, n its done without any hassle or tention, thats th top setisfactory reason of giving marks . Ajay verma
 Because my problems are not solved completely .
 r queries. .
 My complaint records for past 1 year is not available . I have been told that there is not any complaint registered by me in the center . I needed an apology or reason not justification .
 Service is too good
 From morning i am calling customer care people to activate my 2g data plan and deactivate my 3g data plan , and they give me false promise that in 2 hours they will activate my plan again i call u r customer care in evening they told me that complaint has been lodge only for deactivation n not for activation . If my problem is not solve by tomorrow i will going to port my mobile number to some other mobile company
 Dissatisfied
 Greeting customers should be the priority of staff . Everyone was busy chatting among themselves and nobody cared about me entering the store . I had to say excuse me to get their attention . I said good evening and he replied saying " hanji kamm dasso" . The queries were just answered on a piece of paper . There should be some brochures available stating type of postpaid plans available . At the end i said thank you . Nobody replied .
 All the process was swift and hassle free
 I thnk so...thats it
 Good friendly service staff helpful and on payback the credit card of the machine was not working and watchman was curious to find out if the repairer had done his job properly or not
 Store associates are helpful and cooperative
 Staffs are very co operative and interior and technology used is very good
 rsl of late fee .
 My experience was very good in ute store but while I was waiting I saw an man who was yelling in the store for his work not be done since 4 days but yourstaff was very rude to him . Maybe it cloud be the mistake of that guy or your staff I don't know but you cannot treat a customer like this . It's not acceptable . The guy was saying that my work hasn't been since 4 days when your service had promised him 2 days . Inspite of mistake from your side the girl was yelling saying it will be done that's not an acceptable answer or behaviour . This is at Vodafone at Prabhadevi
 I get cheated frm yur company in billing .
 Attend our problem and find out better solution
 immediate action .
 There should a worm welcome at your store,eager to serve was missing.Thanks .
 Everythng is good all d best keep going
 Store associate do not have any power, we visit store to get our problem solve but not for getting our complaint forwarded, and wait endlessly for resolvproblem and they tell to call afterwards.ing of problem which originally has been created by any of your subordinate . Hopeless services . Worst customer care, most of time their systems is having
 My experience with vodafone is excellent .
 Waiting in ur store is a concern and plz increase the count of ur counters
 Good service and respond from Vodafone
 Person has not resolved my querry
 Non of your staff are co-operative or helpfull, they are very rude, even the associate who is assigned to monitor our corporate account does not bother to resolve the problem , where as other service providers associates were not only cooperative and helpful but takes extra care of the client in resolving the issue . If my a/c was not provided under corporate
 The company store means it is nothing but customer care centre . We can solve every problem with in minutes . The executives service is very good . For thisreason I have given full rating to your and our Vodafone store .
 I always in tuch with vodafone because of your exicellent team work.at punjabi bagh store.. .
 any amployes are not talk with customer but they are talking like we are their survents
 3g services and network is really pathetick in parvat patiya area
 No proper rospance in store
 Customer service is good friendly
 My problem not solved finaly from the store . My problem also generated by the store executive .
 I was not satisfied as my sim card did not by the said time by the store
 Good training given to the staff . Keep it up
 The Waiting Time in Store & On Phn Calls ws Too long.Tht means Complaints wr Too many & Ur Exctves wr unable to Solve it Fast . Ur Services & Signals r Weak & Unsatisfctry Frequently . Custmrs get any Infrmt'n abt Services/Changed Terrif Plans/any Change in Costs,very late .
 Today Mr. ...... . answered well but 2 weeks earlier the treatment was too rude towards us
 Yr get up of ofc is plsng.systm of numbrng avoids cnfusn.staf is knowldgbl.mr nilay who attmded me was smart and undrstd my prblm quicly and was attdntv.not wasted my time.satisfied me.took decsn and acted fast.my prblm was against yr ahmdabad ofc who retrnd my two couriors of my comlaint.i know it is tiklish issue for him but he tackld me in a gentl mannr and solvd my prblm on the spot and assurd me not to wory now .he deservs encrgmnt and he is an assetto yr co .
 I am realy happy with ur service
 thought would take some time to share a possitive feedback
 Because they fistly do't want to do my help . THANK YOU
 Needed some undestanding about corporate connection . . Associate was quite helpful
 No
 They people are bunch of crooks . They took 245 rupees and also take more than 3 days to proceed . They told me that my SIM card having minus 100 rupees that is why we are unable to activate this . Then they take 145 rupees to recharge and 100 rupees processing fee tatal 245 rupees and then they take anothertwo days and in these two days i visit that oulet 4 times then finally they handover my SIM card to me .
 No nearby drop box to pay by cheque . One in avishar shopping at kol 78 closed without notice . Next to close was at unnayan in survey park kol 75. No onecould tell me of any dropbox within 5 km of ruby hospital .
 1. Me being centrally govt employee faced mental harassment for documents sake inspite of visiting store numerous times 2 The store manager is illmannered indvl who remains in his ego while dealing with customers 3 No courtesy mis behaviour with ladies even i have there voice recording 4 i was denied totake my signed form back and the same has been turned in front of me and its been recorded in your stores camera .
 Very gud and very nice
 Very disappointing from Vodafone .
 U r not feeling as service providers and feeling as boss
 store employees not responsible
 Tell them for misbehave . I am 66 year man . They tell me to come tomorrow . From my side I am unhappy . O.K.
 It was too good withur all representatives n too cool gallery...keep it up. .
 The customer care executive was unable to provide me a solution
 Look I am NRI and I don't live here paying rent for a year but return expecting good service and support but I am happy with your service, even I went tonoida store got very poor service so you understand what I mean !
 Service provided is good but the billing details create problem sometimes.To resolve the problem I have a query to visit the store .
 Sitting arrangement, cleanliness and other staff members professionalism was good but not up to the mark .
 Excellent
 Waiting time is too much . Would appreciate if you can increase staff/ counters . Staff although is helpful
 Add another counter to custmer time saving and fast recovering customer quary problem. .
 Best service by rishabh
 You service is not good and your ppl are not train it give relevant information .
 Problem in your sim
 Vodafone is bad . Very bad .
 t for porting from vodafone to other carrier . Please take of your customers else we are helpless ??
 It was prompt and friendly, ready to help attitude .
 No attention for client.I am for 10 min for reply from ur representative..after that he told me to go that counter. .
 They have no time for customer They busy themself for gosiping . They just see watch when shop will be close they not resolve my problem And not answerabout my quary
 1.you don't provide full information when asked . 2.call from company is too much
 No comments .
 I have 808 mb data but company deducted 963rupees on the basis of data usage . When I go to Vodafone store, they said you just have to pay the amount. . Can't understand company policy?? ?
 He is very kind . The time he took for changing the shim was very quick . Total experience was pleasant .
 Shankar helped me out well....happy servicing vodafone...best wishes.. .
 though im ur vry old customer(since bpl!!), vry unhappy with ur billing! ! many a times have to bring to the notice but, little nothing is done . frankly fed up . if u may pl care to go thro the bills u will know .
 Better than ever
 nice
 Nice 2 talk with the lady assosiate
 Gud network but sme times looses its signals at some places
 because i never get the required results in a single visit to your store..but its ok because now as your soo called valuable customer we are used to suchtreatment..in short your services are getting worse day by day..and i also know that this feedback from mee is also useless..but thanks for showingsome concern regarding your services. .
 t a call from Vodafone regarding the issue but now it's more than 24hrs I didn't get a call nor my problem is solved .
 Service could have been faster .
 Hasslefree and low priced quick activation .
 GuD service
 Satishfied... .
 Vodafone is BEST.. .
 Im not satisfied
 The service at this Vodafone centre is excellent .
 In Vodafone store manager mam Miss aparna said to me apka to connection hi Khrab h isme ek do mahine lg jayenge ap chahe to no band krna de
 Vofafone store executives are liar . she promised me that she waved off my unusage data charges and some extra charges . But she dont do any thing and now i have added my prvioius amount + some extra unsage charges
 I only needed to pay my bill . I was not told I only needed to approach the payment desk and not take a number so I ended up waiting for several minutes.Two associates were doing nothing that whole time . And then the one who finally called on me was not polite when I told her what I needed . The man at thepayment desk was fine .
 I have good experience with associates and problem has been resolved for this no . But for another no . my prob . has not been resolved .
 I have visited yr store two times last one week I was attended on both occasions after more than one hour .as I was not getting incoming calls as well asoutgoing calls at plot number twenty three and twenty four sector four Dwarka Even messages were not going always message coming call failed
 It took 30 min to find that world calling card I was trying to purchase was not available . No one was able to provide convincing answer when will this beavailable
 The expences of a 3g data card are quite high, considering that internet connectivity is such an essential service nowadays . Apart from that the serviceexperience and a attitude of the store associate was very satisfactory .
 The way he interacted, was something rude .
 Good
 an hour . But happy to have Vodafone .
 Yes do not my help Vodafone.. . shahrukh
 FREE
 Im happy for ur friendly service
 Your store is good but not so good
 Services of Vodaphone have deteriorated New layout of store is worst Staff have frawn faces Watchmen treat us like beggars
 Good service Seems happy to help
 Keep up the good way to treat customers,can improve the time taken with each customer .
 Best
 Jhakkassssshh
 Nice
 for knowledge no words.. .
 Look at your customer care executives!!!! ! They must understand that we are customers and be cause of customers company is running and they are paid
 Good
 Good
 Very unorganized .. .
 I went to linton street vodafone store for some problems and had a talk with Mr. Debasish of that store associate his friendly behavior and smiling faceand good suggestions have astonished me.I am very very thankful to him
 Your executive dont bear responsibly to satisfy customer needs and his prospective . Especially when I was misinformed n maltrated during my last visit ofvoda store at Jaipur . He behaved like he dont have duty to listen n answer customer .
 Excellent experience sunny
 at a criteria to be attended .
 Vodfone is providing d worst service now a days . Being A oldest customer I am not at all satisfied with your overall respond and service .
 Quick and attentive response . Easily solved the problem without any waiting .
 Services r good at ur store . Representatives r very helpful .
 The eficient and very friendly response and help of the executive
 Quick and helpful service . Helpful in guiding us for the best plans . Overall a very satisfied service
 Very gud
 I am already saying wow exp
 Good expirians
 my this number .
 Not enough product information provided and service is too slow
 Not a lot of prepaid plans . Campus pack discontinued .
 paid my bill but still not got my confirmation..cannot understand why..told to wait for24 hours.. ?
 Good service .
 experince in vodafone store ....good...they help..but they advertise unnecessary schemes...instead of solving problem first. .
 Excellent service provided .
 Wanted to convert my postpaid to prepaid . Dint happen, thats why . Valid reasons were there but that is the main reason . Thank you .
 Comfortable to interact with associate and maintaining very soon service .I was satisfied with your service
 Good ,feel better, fully satisfied .
 Ridiculous
 Not full information provided which can solve my issue .
 Mr Rajesh is capable leader with updated system and plans idea . Very nice to see him smoothen customer service and satisfaction .
 I am fully satisfaid
 Overall exp is gud
 Excellent
 Just for one stamp the associate send me back 4 kms.I had the companys letter pad with its stamp on it.Also I had the photo ID of company's owner with her sign but it didn't have the company's stamp.So for that one stamp I had to travel 4 kms and that too at the time when the store was just about to close.So pls tell the associates that be flexbile sometimes at the time of emergency .
 Do't cheat and heart any customer .
 ke that
 The waiting time is too much, they work . Really slowly . Once at counter, the experience is good . Reduce waiting time .
 here is no reason to continue with vodafone,sorry u say that but no body is interested to retain or help the customer, so request to remove that tag linelike happy to helpRegarding my over billing I had requested customer care,store manager etc,if this is the loyalty of being a privilege customer/corporate customer ,then t
 without using a service . vodafone had raised bill . without prior notice or intimation .
 Awesome Experience on the Christmas Day .
 By doing false billing and not solving the issues you are gonna loose your trust as well as your customers
 rrect information in some cases .
 It was good and fruitful meeting
 Very helpful and friendly approach . Good customer service . I appreciate the service .
 Vodafone service is at the best .
 My experience of store visit is very good executives are very friendly n supportive .
 Its good and your executives were cordial & prompt
 The service at your centre is actually too poor to match your global status . Barring a few genuinely sincere employees, rest of the pack either don't know how to enter even customer data properly or are apathetic to customer's needs . I personally had a harrowing experience in my field verification . But for a major initial glitch, rest is fine .
 Its been 6+ years using vodafone service and so far its at best in market
 Fantastic Service . And good behavior of ur employees. . Thanks
 Went I visit to store I feel comfortable because they r lising properly.. . about customers problem.... .
 s such stores . I am very happy to be a vodafone user .
 Monthely Bill shoud be coueier and any offer should be informed .
 I like it .
 Today s experience was good .
 The representative doing their best job
 Token machine is not in working condition . some staff member need to be +ve attitude . Try to understand the valuation of time of other, how to manage the time to visit the store no one knows. .
 Service and interaction was satisfied
 U have done mistek.it could be raise at cunsumer court .
 From idea cellular
 the work was pretty fast and the place was systematic
 Prepaid service is better than postpaid
 It was a good experience & i am thankful 2 d patience of store people because i have taken lot of time 4 selecting phone number .
 All our queries were attended properly and effectively .
 For continued my lost no Mr nadeem help me
 Associate polite, supportive and gave to me proper guide for better service .
 I liked the services, supports and help from the store.. . Thanks to vodafone store, Patan
 Well before going to your store I tried to solve my problem by calling your customer care officer but somehow he was not able to transfer my call or solve my query however the resolution was provided in few minutes in the store so it was a pretty good experience .
 Prompt service quick application & preciseness
 vailable in working hours
 I am satisfied in Vodafone and I am appreciate customer service
 Waste of time .just misguiding.think twice before visiting next time
 Vodafone the great
 The associates were not having basic informations which I suppose they should have.. . I went to the store for 2 reasons but unfortunately the store did not had information or people to help . The worst part is I was asked to find the information from my colleagues to get the request done . The people in theh some other vendor who can severe better..store were busy with their personal things and not willing to attend customers. . It was a very bad experience I ever had.. . I am planning to move on wit
 I was recommended for taking a Vodafone connection by my colleagues and when I used it I realised that he was indeed correct
 problem is not solved . this is very bad experience to me from Vodafone
 Overall experience not nice ambience was not clean no proper seating arrangement for the customer
 1. I had ordered a wifi dongle which was delivered on 20th december . 2. Deapite follow ups the sim was not activated . 3. Upon checking and much frustration was known that the executive has given wrong number . 4. Worst still, the executive stopped taking calls . 5. I am told the sim will get active by tomorrow . But looking at past i am doubtful .
 My experience till now has been great except once
 I was very happy .
 Please offer atleast a cup of tea... .
 Waste of visiting Vodafone store . Need cash payment counter in every store including kiosk
 Response by you was good
 Q2-9
 10 thank you for support
 Worst customer executive in the store except Mr. Mahipal ji
 p in there! People are ok . More English would be nice .
 Great
 Nice and awesome service
 Timely and prompt help frm vodafone vashi employees today is appreciated
 Associate are very polite, knowledgeable, humbled and respectfully .
 No one is inform me about the 3g sim.. .
 The query handling was smooth and quick . I'm pretty much satisfied with the customer care services of vodafone from day one . But the only thing that bothers me now is the network problem that I'm facing now . I think they have deteriorated over the course of time . Hoping you could fix it as soon as possible . Thank you .
 lped him, if am der in her place i would have slap him.., but cashier was very pations, very good helping nature,
 best
 Friendly and Efficient customer service consultants who are willing to be of help . What more can I ask for ?
 Over all i am stisfied with service
 I have not receive bill of statement on my e-mail id i had suffer from a problem due to this i can't reimburse my bill from my company due to this reason . I hope I'll get statement of account of my bill on time on my mail id .
 good service
 Everything perfect... . Attitude.. . Readiness to help and guide . Etc.. .
 Everything was nice at Vodafone store..but net is a problem at my place
 Jordar
 Executives are well behaved,good in talking n the most important thing is my problems were sort out in jst 5 or 6 minutes . Lst bt not least voda is da bst :)
 I visited stores to know about some post paid plan, executive at stores explain some plan very well and also changed my existing plan as per my requirement which give me satisfaction that company and its staff approach is customer friendly .  I am using vodafone service for approx 6 years
 005600650072007900200070006100740068006500740069006300200065007800700065007200690065006E006300650020007700690074006800200056006F006400610066006F006E006500200070006F007300740020007000610064002E0020002ED83DDE23
 The dealing officer though young in age was aware about the company's procedures for issuing a new sim in replacement of the old one .
 Good Store Very good service Good Associated
 The store I visited today is a new one hence there were very less people
 Please call me to know the issue
 Salo bc h tumara store vala pagal bna k rkha h sb koi help nhi krta
 Keep doing the same service to every cm .. All d best team. .
 I'm not satisfied with vodafone.because i have a no of ur company.but i want to exchange sim card but thay told me this no already issued to another persion but i already used this no last one year..i give our id proof to retailer but store agent told me i cant give same no. .
 Very nice job in Vodafone
 Over promise under delivery . Unless we are personally present at the store multiple times for follow up nothing will happen .
 Superb experience with Vodafone
 Very happy i got full information tx Vodafone
 Waiting 50min there is irritating and there is no considerations for loyal customers
 I was gone in vodafone store ,there is a good staff memeber , and good work ." I'm very happy " thankyou so much .
 Very user friendly
 Quick hassle free and efficient service at 1st floor, however ground floor is bit messy . Lack of co ordination and bit unorganized
 No problem resolution
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
 Quick service & happy to help
 Evrthng is fine
 Told bill cycling as sought not possible . Advised or promoted wrong plan with a large Sms quota Had to wait one month for change of plan . Finally not attended even upon my turn . Had to wait while people after my token were entertained . Considering number portability .
 Your store staff is helpless for a corporate customer
 em works ,it seems that it is not their job to solve the problem but someone elses
 There is no coordination in between your call center & vodafone store team . Due to this customers are facing big problems & its spoiling voda image .
 I dont know it was problem with my phone or signal, i was facing a horrible situation not able to speak to friends or anyone due to network error wen i was in open space i was able to talk . So now i was thinking to switch to other network
 very trouble even i am not able to call in customer care .
 It's a good interaction and good service . .... .
 The agent was well aware of technical issue n resolved it immediately, which was not the case with the customer care agents .
 My problems no solve ur cx... . Then I decide port out as soon as possible.. .
 Because you people do't keep your promise & do't tell truth all the time . Also try to full curtomer which is harmfull to any business in my opinion .
 Excellent
 Gud service
 Awesome service and issue got resolved . .They handled my complaint with patience
 Very cooperative and satisfactory service without vesting time .
 I really like the way your associate interact and clarify all my doubts .
 Santhosh was very helpful and understood my concern and help me with it . I will like the customer care associates to be the same way
 Good HEMA @ kumaranroad tirupur
 Every thing was right....but my problem is not resolved .. .
 I went to vodafone store to change my plan but mr.prince describe me my plan and convenience me to not to change my plan .
 Totaly dissatisfied waste network
 Good service and prompt response
 Girls there helped us and explained us everything very nicely
 Importance is not given to the customer .
 It's nice but your mail service is very bad because I didn't get any response after 3 days
 Y
 Good treatment
 I had received the service I had hoped for
 Very quick and prompt service . Requesting you to kindly cut down net/data pack rates
 Y
 Vodafone store's service is little slow in activating the sim & workers are little lazy .
 Good
 Vodafone services are very well and very much satisfactory but by reducing the call charges lil bit will increase and multiply the business
 the Vodafone guy basically did not tell me that I could get a nano sim card free from the mobile shop . cheating for money . :/
 Server not showing enough interest in answering my questions& not enthusiastic to sell product. It was as if he was doing a favour by attending to me
 To less counters handling people waiting time crazy no where in world I had a long waiting time
 No other suggestions
 Good
 I am very happy
 I am happy of u
 Perfect in customer satisfaction . ....very good responsibility
 It's waste of time . No one from your side will care the comments .
 Nothing
 Iam so happy ur service thanku
 Pls arrange a call to know things in detail.. .
 I had to wait sometime . Else the visit was good .
 Grt service
 Awesome
 Good service . Less waiting time . Quick turn around time for resolving the queries
 Supeer raspans vodafone good
 Immediate & very helpful service .
 I think ur call center executive r better than store executive . Store executive can better use and manage their resources for better customer satisfaction .
 tand why your company failing to satisfy customers .
 Keep on the good work with your executives like the one interacted Ms Bharti
 My ratings are based on the time required to take down the request, attend the request and complete the procedure in store and out of store .
 With loop mobile bill was 350_450 rs.but Vodafone charges increase up to 800 rs .
 Pls reduce waiting time at Vodafone stores as minimum time taken is 45 mins . Increase the number of counters and ensure no counter is without persons .
 The executive was very cooperative.. . she understood my problem.. . and make me understand within half an hour my problem was sloved.. . hope to get such Services further as well .
 At your Juhu lane galary executive at counter are very cooperative and giving best advice suitable to me
 Very good behave and quick service
 I'm visited store on 24 December 2014 because I have query on my current bill generated on 22 December 2014
 Ntwrk imprmnt required i lv vodafn
 ive speks to the cutomer . ITS WORST.
 For best service this is super network. .
 ack if vodafone team can
 associate was very helpful by understanding my requirements
 Very good
 You already have a nice system
 Too much confusion among the Vodafone employees regarding the rules . Different information in website and Vodafone store for the same task . Involved in personal work while dealing with customers . No single window operation, I had to run around in different counters to get my work done . These are just to name a few reasons .
 I am not satisfy vodafone your servise is vary bad .
 I had gone for postpaid to prepaid but they refused . As i had already taken red plan for 8655332338. I had no option then porting .
 It was good nice assistance
 Vodafone increased my monthly rental without my permisson that too in my two numbers . I trusted them but they cheated me . I even dont know from which month they increased it . Is this the way to handle your customers . Very disappointing thing from a trusted organisation .
 I will go for another network but your person r not interested to take complete form Customer
 Ans 3 of 4: 8
 Behaviour of cce was very gud
 As mentioned in the dress the staff at the center were happy to help . the service was fast and pleasant . Service with smile ! I just signed in the paper
 Good dealing with me
 The cause was not fulfiled
 Ur relationship manager doesn't have time for their customers
 Very awful and frustrating experience .
 Nice behaviour
 Ya actually i am using Vodafone from so many years good service good network courage and gud offer also. . Recently my balance will be deduction for download charges i don't know tht thn i have called to customer care one of the person deactivated my caller tune without my permission so tht only very bad. .
 Excellent experience
 Guys are able to understand my concern its great
 Great experience from the store. . They understand the problems n gives the suitable solutions . Customer relationship is awsum I really like that.. .
 Overall experience was satisfactory
 Nice service
 Sir they are not helpful
 I got every time good respoce and from your vodafone store and custmar care people.so am rated them out of out .
 The team was very helpful and I was in and out of the store in no time . My query was also actioned asap .
 Poor service levels and high costs that are not worth . Other service providers give better offers than this
 Verry good service
 The executive at your branch was really good the type of staff leads to good marks her name was Ms Bharti you should appreciate
 Good response
 Not Cooperative, Should Fight to get the Work Done
 Your policies are rubbish, your representatives(tele customer care) are cheats ! They say something and do something else . Just go through the mail I senton corporate care . All this non sense happened coz of your pathetic policy of giving hand written applications in today's world ! (for safe custody) . Thanks . Please do not ask the problem ever again, just go through the mail before asking, this is for all the people who are about to call me to ask this .
 I Love U Vodafone coz U have a amazing network now a days.. . No one can contact me or Whatsapp me on time as network is continusely fluctuates & i m nottraceable & its like Wow.. . Now i can live my life freely as before when i dint had a cellphone.. . Thanks again to Vodafone.. . Love U.. . Get Well Soon...Muh.. . Muh.. . Muh.. . ;)
 More than 90 mins waiting period for a 5mins interaction . Interaction failed to provide immediate solution . Inadequate sitting arrangement . Lackadaisicaland slow approach of customer care representatives .
 Y
 No one taking individual responsibility,
 No proper explanation.. .
 It was promt and as per the requirement
 Good experience. . At Hyper city mall. . Only loyalty offers. . Missing . Kindly do needful
 Yes
 Too long to write,may send someone across to disvuss .
 Excellent
 YES
 10 for 2nd ques
 higher if you improve accessibility . Thank you .
 Satisfaction
 Simply great
 Complaint forwarded to main office, but it took so much time to withdraw reminder . Now 3G not working for which it was told that it will be attended on 3
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
 All is o.k but call rate is high wrt to other sim.so if cal rate would be reduced to then i all happy with you .thans
 The store associate was knowledgeable and helpful . I visited the store at a relatively low rush time to change my SIM card . The associate suggested I take the SIM card from a central reception and come back which seems to be the set process . In a rush time, it would have been real inconvenient . Please take another look at the processes .
 Friendly and fast
 n other store compare . Thanks to vodafone .
 Where there is satisfaction there is quality
 m & I never SWITCH OFF my Mobile
 I just want to change the name of my postpaid connection to my name which is in my wifes name....the person I spoke is asking for pan / voter/ aadhar card of my wife which bears my name ...all these 3 bears her fathers name...The person said then its not possible....I am one of the loyal customer of vodafone who has never defaulted in payment but if the change of name does not happen then I am forced to leave ur connection . Thanks
 Morality & behavior is good
 Except for long waiting period it was a delight . Deepak was extremely informative & cooperative .
 Store associares should be upskilled with customer service skills . the experirnce today 25-12-2014 was ridiculos . Rather than taking responsibilty i wastold how it was the fault of the OJT(on the job) guy . Made me feel bad of not looking at the correct sim, is that my job ? Brijesh is not definetly a repi would love to speak to in the future . And to top it up he was telling the other rep how they should not make a OJT guy sit at the counter. . Very much disssapointed with the service . Thanks: Oscar
 I had been in store at around 10.30am . Only 2 cust care exec . were present . As a result I was to wait for some time which was irritating . Better store ti
 Very nice experience 10
 Staff does not hv time they r busy with thr personal phones particularly lady
 Ur customer approach nd hospitality was mind blowing
 1. Fluctuating network coverage, i couldn't complete voice calls at office or at home . 2. When complaint no response received, instead i have been told to end the connection . 3. Poor 2g and 3g connectivity . When complaint no response from customer care or from vidafone store in godrej vikroli campus .
 The not having much quality to handle the customer . I got some problem in connection finally it is not rectified after speaking to customer care so manytimes and I am annoyed by ur ppls . So I forced to change it to post paid even change to post paid also problems are there ur company is not much strongerin customer care I need the reply from ur customer care head pls ask him to call me . Or else this sms time also waste for me
 I purchased mobile Microsoft Lumia 535 on 22 December 2014. I am entitled to get 500 mb per month for 2 months . But no response from u. Your people could not explain to my satisfaction .
 You people doing great job keep it up
 ection asap
 Complaint is not resolved in given time neither in store nor through mails . Visit the store again and again .
 Not a single xerox machine in your store & not given proper response in your store.. . I have good experience in past so I am Voda phone customer . ..
 On same issue I have been raising ticket since 20 days and you close ticket without resolution . So I had to raise more than 4 ticket on same issue . Evenstore visit did not help and I only get reply saying we will get back to you and then ticket gets closed without convincing answer or explanation .
 The service at the Vodafone store was very slow . There were 6 counters and only 3 tokens ahead of me in the queue, still it took 30 min. . Previously also when I had visited 2 months back same thing happened . That time they took almost one hour .
 The first person who was there to clear my queries said something.The other person came he contradicted the first person.I said please be sure.Then the first person vanished.The second person was still able to clear my queries . But after this experience I cannot trust Vodafone.The first person who was there to clear my queries said something.The other person came he contradicted the first person.I said please be sure.Then the f
 Good service .. .
 The experiance was excellant
 Usually one has to take a token and wait endlessly for our turn.. . Something I've done in the past month as I'm new into Vodafone.. . However yesterday Iwas put on to Satish and he was extremely helpful as always.. . He's been of assistance to me twice before and he's consistently helpful.. . Not only to mebut also others as I've observed while awaiting my turn with him
 Uncooperative staff
 Dissatisfied
 The customer reps don't respond properly, don't make eye contact and don't give full information about various schemes .
 Vodafone store is excellent . Helpful . But the mini store in aundh, near tennis court is absolutely pathetic .
 Quick response, experts in place and problem solved .
 Wait time is too high . Time spent on the the store was waste as problem was not resolved . Chaos everywhere in the store .
 Operator was friendly, fast to cooperate and service was fast
 Nice and good .
 I can't belive my sim is acktivatet only 2 hours . So h am very happy .
 Vodafone connectivity & service are excellent . Being a member of Vodafone, I am proud for that .
 Very satisfied
 amake 2 bar store ea jete hoyeche ekta sim replace korte.. .
 I was first asked to get the id proof and FIR copy to block the number because I lost the phone with the sim . 2nd time when I hd gone with 1 id proof and FIR they asked me to get two id proofs so I had to return back . And third time when I had been there One lady workin over there told me that they cannot block the sim, I myself have to call on 198 and ask them to block the service . If this was the case they should have told me before only I had to travel 30-30 Km extra 3 times unnecessarily . If they had asked me to cal 198 on my first visit only then I would have definitely given them 10 on 10.
 Support is worst to explain
 Reduce the waiting period while we visit gallery
 Finally, to help us understand your experience further, we'd appreciate knowing the reasons for your ratings.Please text us your comments .(Your reply isFREE)  10
 I have always come home satisfied with my visits in wanowrie outlet . Thanks
 Had to wait for along time before I was called . Many token holders simply went away as their nos were far ahead of ongoing numbers
 Honest n prompt service . Good n immediate response frm store people(Shilpa)
 Realy good n fast service i had
 Please make transparent relationship with your customers .
 I am working for Godrej n Boyce ! Your representative is posted in our campus . ! She was prompt, polite, precise n concise ! An attitude to help which Iliked the most ! Within minutes, I had my SIM card in my hand though I sent my colleague to her with the required documents !
 I don't understand your system of charging capping amount on exceeding data usage . You should change that . It'sn not ethical .
 arges even i travel to vasai . This is ridiculous . Do something .
 Prompt professional experience
 Nice . . .
 f ur employee being rude not personally to me only but with others also -Thankyou
 Call back for feedback
 No resolution being given even after 2 visits to d store, as per d store executive they cannot do ny tgin n its d customer whi has to email or call to escalate
 I am very glad to vodafone service & costmer care service is realy good . Vodafone is best ever any one in mumbai
 Great experience
 Double standards for providing package
 Store associates were less in regard too the crowd...and also pays less attention
 #The place was much less crowded than during my earlier visits #The staff was more courteous and helpful than earlier visit . #Over all the issues were resolved quickly & smoothly
 I don't even want to write about it . They tortured me like anything
 The token syatem was not being maintained however support staff was helpful .
 Your staff and nodal manaher are totally out of knowledge .  Not even ready to understand the problem .
 My overall experience is good but I am a bit disappointed with the network issues and the call rates are very high .
 Such a worst service is provided by company like Vodafone is hard to believe
 I'm not satisfied from vodafone stores & cutomer care services . They can't solve my problems & gave me wrong information,so i faced a lot of problems . Ifany senior executive call back me, i can share my bitter experiance . Thanx .
 10 (very satisfied)
 Take a hell lot of time for solving the problem . There should be a deadline time for every executive to perform the job . Waiting time is a big problem
 Employee in over confidence, bad communication skill, manager can't work in under pressure Vodafone store ghatkoper west Mumbai
 There was waiting 1 hr after taking coupon . Also agent did not knew the whole process of getting new smart sim . Later I had to wait 2 more hrs to get thesim reactivated, thus I had 2 cancel Xmas eve plans . Poor service .
 We went to you customer service in Baroda . We had to wait for one hour . Then when we asked for reasons for excess bill, we were told that bill is not ready . Bill exceeded more then our advance and not a single alert message was given .
 team is always keen to respond faster with better solution
 All questions above were satisfactorily carried out at the store, hence the ratings .
 I really appreciate
 Comments for Q4 _XX<Carer very soft spoken.She listen my problem calmly and then solve it ._XX>
 Vodafone as an network an company is become bad to worse everything month there are billing issues, they take additional charge of cheque return charges
 Everything was perfect.. . ...thanx
 Ok
 Vodafone Q3 7
 I was token 121(11:51), but sapna attended token 156 (Vinit Shah ) as might be a known person . I waited for 1Hr to get my number and 156 got the chance waiting 5 min . Not fair
 The staff was not organised nor trained
 Use less
 Quick n time saving
 The atmosphere was good n executives are very co-cooperative specially the one in red t-shirt .
 Staff wS very courteous . Helpful
 Good communication with customer by store team
 I had a big issue with my bill . No body able to seticfie me .
 Pooja is really helpful and proactive . Encourage such employees
 Good response in ur salem store by Mr.Govind .
 why i would like to join your network .
 of no help to me . He just said that he is escalating the issue . Rest depends on companies decision .
 Satisfied service
 in my last 4 visits...this visit was pretty satisfactory .....rating 7 coz theres lot desired.... .
 Please call to know the reason
 After I waited for my turn the store associate with whom I was interacting didn't know anything. . She was completely new and a total amateur at her work .
 Token system not used very effectively . Lack of proper managerial oversight leading to avoidable delays and longer customer handling time .
 004900200077006100730020006F0066006600650072006500640020003100200067006200200033006700200069006E007400650072006E0065007400200066006F0072002000740077006F0020006D006F006E0074006800730020006F006E0020007000750072006300680061007300650020006F00660020004C0075006D0069006100200037003300300020006D006F00620069006C00650020D83DDCF1002E00200042007500740020007700680065006E0020004900200070007500720063006800610073006500640020007400680065002000730069006D0020004900200064006900640020006E006F0074002000670065007400200074006800650020006F0066006600650072002E006900200063006F006E00740061006300740065006400200074006800650020006E0065006100720062007900200056006F006400610066006F006E0065002000730074006F0072006500200062007500740020007400680065007900200064006900640020006E006F007400200064006F00200074006800650020006E00650065006400660075006C002E002000490027006D00200068006900670068006C00790020006400690073006100700070006F0069006E0074006500640020D83DDE1E00200077006900740068002000740068006500200056006F006400610066006F006E006500200073006500720076006900630065002E0020004B0069006E0064006C007900200063007200650064006900740020006D00790020006F0066006600650072002E0020005400680061006E006B0059006F0075
 My SIM was deactivated thrice with out giving reasons by you even after resubmition of documents . I have lost all balance currency & contact by my network during this period . Whose fault is this ? EXPLAIN.
 Waiting time was too much . Even though there were four executives but still i had to wait for half an hour and still my problem was not solved
 Your people at the store are very cordial & helpful . They were prompt in work . But regrett to say all this does not translate to actual solving of problem of the customer. . I have faced this problem on 2-3 occasions . Please call if you care .
 0 .VERY VERY VERY BAD.
 Behaviour was good, concerned person spoke very nicely and handled situation well
 Awesome nd gud service, am totaly satisfied by vodafone service
 Service was prompt , quick silutions and vlaue for time !
 Vodafone service is very bad,,your response very late, Iam so many times told change myy plan,but you not change my plan
 Very helpful staff....I suggest you to provide for adequate sitting arrangements (waiting area as well counter) at the outlet .  Mehul Shah
 No comments . I want to turn to postpaid and I'm not allowed to do it freely . Also the executive didn't explain to it properly why I can't do it properlyand told me to come on a later date
 Its very delay in service
 So. . Nice service. . For me. ./
 Good services
 It takes lot off time for our number to come to meet your representative . Service is very very slow .
 There is a employee named Ashish sharma , he is the very helpful .
 The service quality is good at Vodafone care . I appreciate your service .
 I felt good that my work my done in 5 minutes,my time wasn't wasted .
 Ur 3g service too bad. .
 d nearly 6 hrs in two days and finally gave very cold noncommittal answer to all queries, I will most likely switch and consider legal action if concernsare not dates send . worst phone and data experience in my life essentially by very bad day predatory practices of Vodafone and agents
 han new commers . Rgds, Midhun . Attic
 ocessed & it will be activated on next bill date . Contd........... . Regards, SB Singh
 Every thing was fine . even I enjoyed .but it was a bit time taking . I mean the process was a bit slow . however I enjoyed a lot .. Thank you
 My queries were listened and clarifief promptly .
 It was realy nice. . The employee is genuine helped realy very well. . Great person. .
 Call rate not perfect
 m is remain .
 NE to their employees . Hence my ratings on my experience .
 The person on the desk was rude while talking . With me as well as other customers . The problem was not solved . Satisfactory answers were not providedto my queries . And the waiting time was almost 20 minutes due to very less help desk so the store was toooo crowded and un comfortable
 Looking to stay with Vodafone
 I was over billed 400% last month, the reason was I had opted the wrong data plan, though u had an optin wer u could have reduce my bill by helping out wuys wer very cold at answering my concern
 Educate them how to serve customers .
 Because I have trust only in VODAFONE
 Ovearall I feel happy .
 Very disappointed with the way Vodafone executives handling customers complaints .
 They gave gud response, gud respect, and answerd with smiley .
 It's done very quick.. .
 Was satisfied with the service .
 Piyush jain is the best Vodafone employee
 Thank you vadafone
 I got immediate action to my question and resolved soon .
 Simply suberb.i always trust vodaphon red.becoz red plans are simply superb .
 Overall exp is awesome
 I was told i would get a free top up of minimum Rs30 as compensation for the terrible service and excessive spending on roaming because of vodafone's defective sim non activation . This promise was made by Jyotsna the manager of vodafone, ansal plaza, new delhi . I wasted 1 hour and Rs80 in parking fees . She has not delivered her promise so next time i come to india i will make sure i dont use vodafone . And i will make sure everyone i know gets to know this issue . YOU ARE NOT HAPPY TO HELP because you are not helpful . Dr Sangeeta Sahi
 The executives were very nice and helpfull
 Ur associate n store manager are worst . .
 Sure, the overall experience was quite satisfying, based on which I rated .
 good customer interaction Result is yet to b seen
 1- I like voda as a brand, greatly satisfied with connectivity& services, except last 1 month hiccup . 2- Regarding this visit I like general atmosphere,there was warmth & genuineness to resolve the issue . 3- I was told that issue will be resolve within 72 hrs, which I believe . So these are my reasons to grade my visit .
 Every think is good
 Vodafone is a very good . He provide us nice data&offer .
 As mentioned Mr Santosh was very courteous and made me feel like a king and took care of my issues in a jiffy . What more do you want ?
 It was real personal care by your staff and within no time my job was done thanks again
 The service was quick without any hassles and with a smile
 Becouse All Emploee R Halping And Good
 Y 10
 PLEASE EXPLAIN YOUR QUESTION IN DETAIL.
 Responses were quick
 My request was not fully resolved before the next customer was called . It was the duty of the Executive to fully cater to me before calling the next customer .
 I Was satisfied with your service thank you
 I have complained about network issue almost 3/4 times, which I'm facing from more then 4months now all over Mumbai . Network is suppendly going zero anywhere .
 Excellent and coordinated team members Regards Nirupam Haldar
 If custmr is facing any issue thn executive should help them instead of jst closing the case without custmr satisfaction .
 The service was awesome and very nice . The details provided by them was proper and good . The overall service was excellent . Would like to refer my friends and relatives to visit vodafone store for the service .
 Lack of informagion
 Every thing is good at store and the staff is amazing..... . Very helpful to customer and among themself
 with Vodafone and the store was good, thank you !
 It's was wonderful experience with Vodafone and I have a glad to being part of it . But still I am confuse for my current unbilled amount . . And I thinkyou have to replace all used charge to new plan when we changed plan.. .
 The day I converted to postpaid I m facing issues with ur n/w n with the executives no proper response u can track the no . Of complains registered in myno . there is discrepancy in bill, 3G issues, call drop issues don't know wts wrong with ull no proper response r solution provided . charged for MSG's which I have not sent don't know what else.. . Never had any problem from past 10 years when it was a prepaid connection . Required more details can call me. .
 U should call me on my mobile for a proper listening
 very good
 Vodaphone staff member listened to my problem and helped me out . She was polite and sort all my vodaphone network issue
 I am satisfied with your service at vodafone store, But very dissatisfied with charges you have charged to me, rs . 99.
 I have visited vodafone store 3 times yet my problem is not solved. . Your executive has given me due date for solving my problem bt no quick response wasprovided for my problem This was the last time i m visiting your store. . After your due date i'll change my network provider if no proper actions are
 Overall good experience and staff LISTEN and take care of customer . I am though unhappy with your 3G service and many Compliants have not helped . Havingbeen a loooong customer (10+ years) I may be forced to switch to Airtel or IDEA only for the reason of good 3G 4G service
 Nice interaction with associate ramya
 CORDIAL ENVIRONMENT
 Customer care made me wait really long and I had to go to the store 3 times.. .
 Your systems are not working, get them changed . Your employees busy in their mobile phones and don't have courtesy to talk to people, all in all its likegoin to place where dogs are not friendly but ready to take flesh of yours
 Response is not good
 I was satisfied with services provided at the store and the behaviour of store associate, however I am not happy with the process . I had the old sim withme, my documents are already with Vodafone at the time of buying the sim plus I was available in person at the store . Then why do you require all the documents and a photograph all over again!
 Please improve your 2G services . 2G service is very poor now .
 Resolve my problem & arrange immediate call back by MNP team
 The attitudes of one of your old Store Associate was too bad . The way of talking and attitude was too poor . I didn't like it at all . Completely dissatisfied .
 Great
 I was wait for long time even customer officers not busy . Worst services
 Very helpful and solved my problem in professional way competently satisfied
 Voda help centres are well equipped and help customers with cheer .
 Great experience
 You ppl are very quick in activating services that's are not needed kinky take a costumes approval before you decide to charge a costumer
 Actually all the staff has money minded game n not to help the customers so they didn't want that any single customer convert our post-paid number to prepaid . They have started to make excuses like there is no micro sim available from the company . So plz change their mentality to do the needful solution nyou can grow your business certainly
 Vodafone don't value customer in any manner .
 Service is supb
 At the time of my visit yr system was slow & staff is new that's why
 Responsibility.... .
 Vodafone hidden charges are very disapointed . Where your vodafone executive also doesn't know by adding add on service what charges will be applicable then how can vodafone expect his customer to understand the same . Your add on service charges are totally confusing as I said about vodafone executive andcustomer . Vodafone doesn't have transparency with customer . Thus vodafone is cheating on customer . If really vodafone has think about customer then youwill have to work on the plan which in the favour of customer not on all vodafone . Sorry to say but normal customer cannot raise his voice to top level seating officers, his voice/ suggestions are stopped by 1st level executive only . Then they says you can send emails and give your queries but we do not get our emails reply after 13th days also (where vodafone promises reply in 2 days) . Improve your services in favour of customer .
 Inside store experience excellent,on phone response poor .
 I am very much dissatisfied and disappointed with poor network connections at my centre . Visited ur vodafone store 3 times in last 8 days with complaintnumber 2516694598 to get the network booster installed . But no action has been taken so far . Sent an email as well at vodafone care . So very much dissatisfied .
 Helping staff.Separate Q for senior citizen .
 It was nice and fast
 Very nice
 Waiting time is horrible . Adequate number of sitting places is not available . Interaction is great once it begins .
 Your store is understaffed . Had to wait for 45 mins before someone could attend . The issue for which I had approached the store still remains unresolved .
 Overall its good experience , nice behaviour by interns and satisfactory output
 Store guys were very helpful & supportive
 Very good service n good manner n patients
 I am very happy as the store attendants are very helpful .
 Overall servicE & guidence is good .
 i have satisfied with the umesh kumar service
 When i went your store i was little confused about roaming . But your cce given me full information . I m very thank full .
 i have satisfied with the umesh kumar service
 I am fully satisfied
 Staff is really good .Attitute is good but still people comming there look unsatisfied because waiting for their turn takes too long time
 The reception, the interaction with the store associate , the activation of the sim are all precise and without wasting time.Hence satisfied .
 It was a fine experience visit your store
 Good
 yours help servives are good enough but i m not satisfied with my bill, this happens twice to me that my bill was incorrectly dispatched just double of my original bill plz privide me correct bill so ill be happy with your services
 I just gave u my reason
 Always helpful
 Staff does not know how the application "voda live" tv in phone
 There is no solution for my problem . They just passing the problem . Im thinking to change the conection .
 Am very happy with store associate attrection with customers
 Good experience
 The executive war too good and patient
 3 times i went there every time i asked them fr paper bill bt they people dont bother to listen even...i m nt getting paper bill frm the last 4 mnths.pl solve .
 Associate are not fully informed of the process for desired conversion of connection from coip to individual and I made to visit store 4 times for same thing without any clarity and still don't know when will it happen . Same docs were asked repeatedly for the said activity and very annoying .
 Exelent,gud guidance by miss anamika
 Poor information, not clear explanation, Vodafone became poor
 No Inqary For Net
 Service seems to be good, I was satisfied with the answers provided to my queries, hence I have rated as above . Thnx .
 Your staff i met was as good as our relative polite and human behavier
 He is really help us he is understand sechuation and give solution
 First off all noboudy understand towork and answer to cutomer question he dont lission what other ask only all are atticate in cloths. . may god bless you.thanx. .
 Everything is fine . Service is superfast
 Very polite patient helpful and well trained staff . They all seemed motivated to provide good service . Together they looked a good harmonious team . Thanks .
 Providing quick solution of problem in very less time with smile .
 Responded to the queries quickly
 The system does not work on real time speed despite timely action by associate .
 Disgusting & hopeless service and I am changing my service provider "VODAFONE" as u are deducting balance unnecessarily wthout any justification
 Your Supporting Attittute That Like
 I submet my request to change my Pan in E-Conect_299 and my Documents also before 10 days and i m not resive any response from them.. . Thy sad withen 48hr ur plan will change But its not happen..... . And i have to re vesite d store
 Everytime I go to your store ur employees are new so no proper connection is established . Hope the employees answering 111 are clearer & able to help customers better .
 Unreasonable bal deduction (75+19+34+99+20) again and again . Not given proper resolution
 0047006F006F006400200061006D006200690061006E006300650020002C00200070006F006C006900740065006E00650073007300200061006E00640020007100750061006C006900740079002000730065007200760069006300650020006D0061006400650020006D00650020007600650072007900200068006100700070007900210020D83DDC4D
 Very good
 Like
 A simple task of changing a normal sim to micro sim was a long winded process buried in unnecessary paperwork . I managed to get it done elsewhere in 2 mins
 Very good services and good personality
 The girl fulfilled my requirement immediately and in a very pleasant manner . What more can I expect ?
 was superb :)
 Dissatisfied
 Improve the store. . Arrage chairs for customer and teach ur empolye how to behave with customer
 I had my internet offer of 11Rs.But you guys still canceeled my money while i was using the net.what kind of service are you providing?I had this bitterexperience earlier too.If i have this exp further i wll change my service provider .
 Service was quick He was warm and cordial, willing to help The best my sim was active in under 15 min
 There is no attendance in store when we enter there.....staff which is sitting gives dissatisfied answers to query.. . Even I have to ask may I leave now .
 Your fellows are uselessly roaming around without addressing our concerns
 We have to wait, but there is no space to sit other wise it is ok
 Am very happyyy, thax all
 From the very beginning.I had asked for the plan of rs.450 for 2 GB.which was not activated and I had been charged for rs.app.2400/ after that I went toyour:-) gallery once again I asked for activation of plan of 199 on 2 g. Yesterday which is still not activated . Your company is fooling people in thismanner .
 Blackbarry internet charges are vary High . what are the differance than other internet ? Make it easy & nominal charges .
 10. Store associates interaction is very good .
 any place to sit n everyone was standing.very unsatisfactory experience and i am considering switching to another network .
 The waiting period was long but when turn came service by mr naeem was apt
 Staff is good but network is very poor
 Service is to good, but offers are nill... .
 Over all fine
 Give an email address, this place is too short for my reply
 The first attendant was very rude while the other lady was kind enough to give us a priority afterwards thus the overall satisfaction was 7.5
 I wanted to exchange my old SIM..but there is no stock.. .
 Because staff is very co operativ, work fast,and i satisfied .
 in previous visits this was observed that if we reach the store exactly at 10.00 hrs and get the token we find even at 10.15 hrs we find hardly a coupleof counters serving us.Then one by one your other counters start operating .
 Very bad experience with Vodafone network from day one to till today and call rates are higher than other network .
 Co has cheated me in billing 700rs
 Very slow, long que, no place to sit, long waiting time
 They doesnt provide me the offer which is i am searching.All d offers are very expensive as per my current usage.So i am not satisfied.if u have best offer in my usage let me know .
 Service was excellent
 t, ur representative having some morality then again call me and rectify my problem parmanently . Thanks
 Chaos at the store, All staff absolutely useless
 Your service was very good . It is your network . If you have no network everyone says ' oh you must have vodafone'!
 Waiting time is too much and no place to sit
 customer care person's response was ok but i didn't get solved with the problem, for what reason i went to Vodafone store .
 Excllent service from staff
 It was a good experience
 No understanding or not listening to customer voice . I had to explain to store manager on the problem directly because executive was not able to comprehend and did not debrief store manager properly
 Everybody was busy in their own talks , no one to guide properly , doesn't get any solution of my problem
 Network is very poor, 3g very slow n was not connecting at all outside the Bangalore
 It's was excellent
 Changing my billing address is a very tedious task . The store associate said they can accept credit card statement, but not bank account statement . I alw
 I can able to recieve your data like thunder flash .
 Vodafone agent spoke to me very rudely, when I told him this is not the way you should talk to your customer, he replied that he is talking the way I und
 RED Plans are having too much conditions . The assocites try hard to co operate but are helpless because of RED PLAN CLAUSES.
 Communication in English was not the best since I'm a ******* and could not communicate in Hindi
 So excent experience .
 The data packages aren't user friendly . Your charges for data are very very high compared to others .
 10(very likely)
 Excellent
 ill was 2 months old since 5 months I had been to Vodafone gallery several times just for change of my billing address still not done
 All the sevices are quick and satisfaying . Thank you !
 Got quick response n my problem was solved
 Had a wonderful experience , almost like a personalised VIP care from the moment I entered the store .
 Best service
 Ten
 Nice service and staff
 I wud lyk to say only one thing that no one can dfte vodafone
 Online associates are with wrong information about plans . Store associate was awesome, lv him .
 Tot collie officer is not given proper intrction
 Every time there is very long waiting time
 It was well organised with a queuing/token system in place and when my turn came executive completed processing my request in 5-10 mins and my new SIM card was activated in 30 mins only even though SLA is 2 hrs
 Very poor service .
 Just,improve your process speed.It is too slow as compair to other service provider(network).Thanku. .
 Overall it's good service and well maintained office/store
 Vodafone store worker cheated me
 Problem is not resolved
 I am very happy for good habit your mobil stor .
 No store in Badarpur
 using vodafone. .:-)
 Excellent
 Very nice keep it up .
 Queing is horrible . Other customers jump in front of me . Then next one pushes me when i m on the counter . He also gets his work done while mine still not finished . The trainee needs training for customer and provider behaviour . Inter staff communications needs refining .
 Prompt, knowledgable, caring attendance to clients
 Smooth interaction . Well groomed associates .
 Good service overall, can be better .
 Very professional staff, fast and efficient service, clean and spacious showroom .
 Good
 I like your service .
 wating time bohut jayada hai . Or staff har 2 minuts par seat chhod kar andar cabin me masti karne chale jate hai . Public wait karti rehti hai . Kirpa Camera futage dekhe .
 As per our discussion u r supposed to send me revised bill within 2 hours . Our discussed at 4 pm yesterday till now I have not received ur revised bill
 Courteous service, less waiting, all matters addressed to the best of our satisfaction . This reply is on behalf of 9886408751 also .
 I paid Rs.300.00 for recharge which never credited to my prepaid mob.no . Why ?
 Customer responce
 Documents given for change of address isissing and the request was to be completed by 16th December '2015, is still pending and no action taken . Documenthanded over personally in hand to executive in store, now showing that missing . Such a careless executive are in Vodafone store .
 I like your network very much . In my number sms service has been blocked, i'm not able to know for what reason the problem has occured, then I contact the customer care they said you have used lot of sms more than calls so your number has been blocked according to TROY rules . The call cost is high for mynumber, there were no rate cutter offers to my number . Next month only RC21 offer is given to my number before that I only used message boosters to talkwith my friends . So please give that RC21 rate cutter offer continuously to me to continue in your network . Thank you for providing a good quality of service. .:-)
 vodafone is very poor service provider...its akways following taking policy...not to give also ......good bye Vodafone... .
 Gd service
 Style of explain is very good .
 ********* *
 Wonderful
 All is good according to me... . Keep it up.. .
 I got the nano SIM card immediately
 Hi , the service has been cordial as the executives were courteous . They heard to my grievance & solved the same .
 The person handling my problem was very nice to me .
 Over all it was an wonderful experience .
 My issues remain unresolved and the cse was resentful .
 Good service from the executive I met in the store
 Asociate was speaking politly Store is quite good but service is average
 Very Good service
 Good
 Had to wait 40 mins b4 call up . Moreover all attendants errr called 4 meeting keeping da customers waiting .
 Got fast response from the executive & got solution for my problem
 Good services
 She tried to convince only, listen less, talk more, I HV raised query already . Why u hv not solved my problem
 Bad experience. .
 Didn't know about the token system . But the efficiency was evident as the work was done so quickly .
 There is proper management of the crowd in the store and the store associates are easy to interact with.thank you for this organised ambience :)
 So bad
 Yaar itne questn na pucha kar thak jata hu reply dete dete,
 I have rated 9 because I get my sim card without any problem
 I get satidfied on understanding & solving my needs .
 Very excellent environment in store . And service is best. . Executive is give complete infn and follow complet process. . very excellent
 Good respond
 Pls send me the physical copy bill soon for payment
 Vodafone is best..............improve more 3g network..... .
 My complan is not resoal my no out going iis bard on last 4 to 5 days and if u any one not respons in me ... .
 My all no in vodafone good hisar store
 For que1: 10 for good network, fast problem solving . For que2: persons handelling users at store should be more knowledgable about smartphones . For que3:Interaction was good .
 It's better to increase staff as ppl are more and staff is less
 Very gud service
 Not respoding
 Store staff is very helpfull and m happy with their service
 Way of talking of your associate with new customer is very dispointing
 Waiting time in gallery is irritating
 I am very happy with dev sharma
 Excellent service, my SMS feature started working within given timeframe
 They are co-operative and helpful
 Vodofone rmandvli natraj solvd my prblm early
 Excellent service
 In ur store 2 staf were working others roaming free .must have sense of responsity . they are not true on your slogan happy to help u
 erson was not available to help . The result, a wait of 20 min . The end result was good though so I have no major complaints with the second store .
 Base on long time relationship
 The issue for which I went to your store was sorted properly and answered politely . Mani
 Ok
 Executive Had Taken Care My Problem
 The issue was not resolve, I have visited store many times
 Store Associate were busy in doing pranks, cracking jokes, with themselves without even bothering about the customers in store .
 It was Awesome
 Very good service provide by executive . Give me proper solutions and guidance
 I am not waiting for a queue and good response quickly
 Associate is good person but vodafone services till not good 3g not working
 I have been struggling to get my problem solved since a long time . I am seriously disappointed with your services .
 Good experience
 Customer care not very user friendly.. . I have a payment issue and have been contacting Vodafone care from 2 weeks but no resolution till date.. . I am very dissatisfied with the service . I an planning to move out from Vodafone .
 Their earlier service was very satisfactory yesterday they upgraded my sim in half an hour and put me on to a better plan
 My experience atthe store
 Good
 Very cooperative particularly Mr. IMRAN.
 Good store and richa mam
 Nice
 My problems is not solved
 The person i was dealing with was ok .
 Not interested
 The rating could have been more provided services are provided in local language kannada
 They took necessary action immediately
 way of interaction with coustmer is excellent..some problems are there with network and callrates..but vodafone is best ..
 Because the vodafone store is best of ever and when we need any help then vodafone store help quickly so, i thing vodafone is the best but its sim replacement cost is high . THANKYOU
 Fast service .
 Satisfied and wait for some time .
 Best network, best customer service
 I cant imagine that i talk in such amount that each & every time i have to pay more than 500 rupees . this time it is 1500 . is it possible . I hav a commited a great mistake to convert my prepaid connection to postpaid . if u want to help then plz convert time postpaid to prepaid .
 This is fantastic stor and staff is very good
 First I never visited your store and still I got this message . Secondly off late network quality is poor . Thirdly I get flash message stating ' your SIMcard played a tune'.
 Sim replacement process was very easy n fast . Activated within 20mins . But the In-store system to transfer the contacts from old sim to new sim automatically was out of order
 Very good.... .
 Satisfied Best wishes . Pl do not send so many ads all the time .
 No comments
 It's good and prompt
 Vodafone service handling is lightning fast, that makes it different from Airtel and reliance . Keep it up .
 The associate I talked to you was well conversant with the billing plans and my queries . Unfortunately one of the most efficient and helpful associates J
 Realy great commitment
 They were very helpful but something is wrong with your settings as I have put my phone on WiFi there is no network working in palwal yesterday and probably today also
 The people working in Vodafone stores are very polite and sweet and they don't delay their work and they are always HAPPY TO HELP !!
 No parking .
 Customer service was fine
 Every thing was smooth
 You promise better service while marketing . But after selling your products, you do not care . You promised continuous 3G speed while insisting on my migration to postpaid service . But I am always facing fluctuations in speed and the net work gives 2G speed . Kindly do not employ unfair business practiceson middle class senior citizens like me .
 AC was not functioning
 Crowded store..Too much congested..charger point not working...No place to sit. .
 Good
 Everything was good .
 They were very friendly to customer and I am very much satisfied from their service .
 They r very polite and co operative & helpful
 good
 Very polite, efficient n cordial interaction frm executive
 Correct information was denied, misguiding .
 Vodafone service is excellent, store associate has done their job very effectively and sincerely . I'm completely satisfied with associates service .
 I visited the store to enquire abt my signal droppage and also planned to take up RED. Nobody came forward to help with the RED offers in the store . I noticed Ganesh was free and when i approached him, he did a great job .
 A very good service has been provided by your executive Miss krishnaveni .
 Good customer interaction and prompt Service
 My experience
 It takes too many days to get activated the international pack
 Response to the customer is very bad treating the customer very badly
 I'm dissatisfied because they are not giving clear solution to my problem .
 I wa given incorrect timeline for restoration of my outgoing service after payment of my dues which was due for another number . I was told that the service would be restored in two to four hours . I had to do multiple follow ups without any resolution . It took twenty four hours before it was restored .
 Service and network is to gud but the rispons is to diley
 Please try to reduce the queue
 Overall had good experience . Store associate was having good understanding .
 Every one seemed to be distracted, looking for the next rather than the present . Queries were replied to in staccato .
 U dont hav proper plans fir premium customers who is using vodafone frm 5 yrs and its compulsory to tak plans according to company not as required by customer
 Satisfyd, way of explning & handling
 Still my problem is not solved . You guys don't know for what you are charging me for . And worst of it, its recurring every month
 Love the hospitality, arrangememts n prosess
 It is not necessary to wait according to token however it is easy and fine also .
 Reason for Q1 : Due to negligence of ur team it seems that even customers are left unattended, as I have given application for porting for 3 mobile numbers, but get only one number ported to vodafone....Reason for Q2 : when I wish to open a mpaisa account, I produced my driving license, which was rejected due to photo not clear on it.. . also my request to take email of scan copies such DL and Adhaar Card was rejected
 I got some knolge about theplan tq
 D83DDE0A
 I went to your store to get my card recharged . Firstly your guard help me to reach the right counter and then your service was very quick . I really apprecite it . They are fulfilling your motto 'HAPPY TO HELP'.
 y it after leaving behind my busy schedule .
 EXCELLENT
 Coupon system has to be simplified instead of 5 steps and start outlet at 9.30 or 10 pm .
 I have already texted please see my previous comments.. .
 My query was c|nverted into assignment which was fulfilled . My 02 numbers are still pending for porting .
 Ur customer care is very gud..thats y.
 Vodafone is just money oriented and cares little for its customer needs and satisfaction .
 Very satisfied
 I like and satisfied your staff,very co operate,good looking staff.l am happy .
 he door at the time of exit . 4-This exercise is worth if it is being given due considration n these feedbacks r considered for improvement in the system.cust . interaction with pleasant n smiling gestures on face . 3- If the guard at the gate is opening the gate the time of entry then he should also open t1-Lunch hour timings should be displayed this will bring down the customer expectation level@that perticular time . 2- CC executives should be groomed for
 004E00690063006500200026007300610074006900730066006100630074006F00720079002000660072006F006D002000740068006500200067007500610072006400200074006F00200074006800650020006500780065006300750074006900760065226F226F226F
 Satisfaction
 Your service is very promt hence, I am with you since 6 years .
 Vodafone service is very good .
 Your staff was very helpful I m happy to visit your store
 Ba at behaviours of store worker
 I think your system giving a wrong information.Which is not 100% true.Your system shows that for downloading app i had charge 15 rs . But i never downloadany app.The charges apply from my main a/c at somehow 5:00 - 6:00 pm.But your system shows that it apply at 10:43 pm...!!! ! Which information is notcorrect .
 I paid my bill, and was told I'd get a message for the same within half an hour . Still not got msg .
 The visit altogether was forceful . The form for ECS payment of the bill, EBILL etc were filled in the beginning itself . But was not processed at all . Couple of years back when MTS was withdrawing that time also similar experience I had . I don't know where is the problem !
 u know please call me
 Staff is HELPFUL & CORDIAL. I am IMPRESSED. But the money ur firm is charging, for the services, are too HIGH as compared to others . People are runningaway from VODAFONE. I am also thinking to MIGRATE d coy to DOCOMO.
 Contact with customers
 Knoledgeble person
 Vodafon is gret .
 My complynts were attended in few minutds . Thanks .
 Token pulling time can be improved
 I am very much pleased about giving good information and reply
 Vodafone stores are very less and too crowded sometimes we have to wait 5-6 hours . Put most of the stuff online so that so that customers can manage their queries bu own
 Vodafone store accesory too much costly i am never satisfied with that
 For first one I don't have any reason to say why not Vodafone. . In compare to other networks available in Chennai . For second I see ok with Vodafone store but couple of point are there just for name sake. . Like mobiles kept for demo, we cant buy them and its better if Vodafone give discount for being top mobiles. . What the use of being in Vodafone for half decade now . And finally she did it well. . But she was with typing skill so took some time .
 service center members were extremely helping and supporting
 It took long time in the que . The incorrect billing and irritating support from backoffice
 Refused to issue nano sim explaining this over 10 years used card iscnot to my name.insist shamelessly to take post paid connrction by named Dibyendu __ _
 Very rude staff.Too much attitude they have as if they are doing a favour on us.Useless people
 Staff very cooperative
 No idea
 Love voda service. . waiting for some offers ;-)
 My problem was not sorted out due to unavailability of that product.
 With a serious nature on work & proper time management, I feel it can turn out more better Customer Satisfaction . Thanks very much .
 Executive explain me every thing very well....it was nice experience
 Vodafone carged xtra amount
 As a old customer pls understand our situation also, n network is pathetic n it's not working everywhere .
 1. Mainly ur Malppuram office have a no space, too small . 2. Office not cleaning well . 3. I asked regarding about my offer validity, there is nothing facility's for knowing that . But behave from the office staff i am totally satisfied . 4. And my location have network not clear well, many times complain with ur customer care, still nothing improvement . 5. Until JAN 23 i am gonna to face this same problem i want to be disconnect my connection from vodafone .
 Ever since I hv
 U hv gud staff reasonably knowlegeble,helping,minds
 Network is not proper for internet I haven't got 3 g experience yet in anywhere in Mumbai . I am really not happy .
 Thanx for sapport n services
 Its difficult to the here.!!! !
 Yes i went for request for a micro sim they told me it wud be done in 24 hrs i went back after 2 days and then they tell me something about my signaturenot matching . I have this number since abt 9 yrs now so they cud have been a mismatch but i belive the concerned ppl cud have responded back to me with da reason . The store in particular were helpful but they dont seem to like customers unless u reach a desk . Coz all agents were free wen i entered and i was called to an agent after abt 5 mins
 Very good service
 I was satisfied with the service they provided
 Was told matter will be solved within 2-24 hrs, but was not done . Had to visit vodafone store twice for same issue .  Too many call drops in vodafone network .  Network quality going down .
 Misguiding customers n denying all our complaints by stonewalling our queries . Not taking enough time to explain the plan . Every new plan adds to the monthly outgoing, doesn't reduce bill as required by us . Plans for children as associated users,do not exist . The data usage in 3G is twice as what is recorded in handset . Even though capping limit reached on last day of billing cycle, Rs . 1200 added in bill over the capping amount . Customer care executivesuse the phrase . 'the system did it . I can't undo or do this' to break the customer into accepting what has been thrust upon him . Pay pay pay n pay for what is so much cheaper in the rest of the world! !
 Simply Vodafone is very good
 I was nt happy wen i spoke to ur speaker sangeetha.s bcz she was dragng
 I was laking money with a non suitable plan but ur coworkers talked with me and made me happy with good tariff plan .
 All the employees were very polite and helpful . I felt at home . They were extremely helpful and I walked out an extremely satisfied petson .
 k u happy to help
 My quarries have been addressed immediately with complete satisfaction .
 Gud service
 Vodafone store is the best . i love vodafone
 Good service
 Thanks
 From Vodafone . Will Not Be In Long Relation With You People . Its Only A Big Name Thats It .
 My both 2 works are finished timely .
 None . Could have explained better all options available
 Many formalities...srsly irritating n waiting in the store.. .
 Didnot try to listen my query .
 My text messages to 111 not going through
 Quick sort out of the problem
 Weldone
 Over all it was very good .
 I had very good experience in the store, executive was very helpfull and i got quick response for my query and i am very much happy
 Good Customer service
 Bad service
 Even though my presence nd contact on bais of token . When some one is empty of custmer houl not riject on the face .
 All are better but service point of view only complain received..and say we call you..my full talk not lissen. .
 I am vary happy to vodafone survice
 Necessary help provided . Problem solved .
 Store peoples are more helpfull then live chat people .
 I am not satisfied with the service as they have taken long time for a simple query
 It's nice and happy to halp
 The gentleman was very co operative and liked his salesmanship
 Service is very good but store location is not Good .
 Same mistake your associates r doing again and again
 understanding and helpful . Tried to solve the problem .
 der or not . But am just informing . Thanks
 Good responce
 I got fixed my complaint now . But Please do not change plans with out customers permission .
 Thank u
 Great experiance.... .
 The associate was not concentrating on what was said . He was chit
 Upgrade the latest feature
 I am not able to get my billing query cleared since last 3 weeks..3 times my outgoing calls have been stopped and restarted regarding this matter but still not any decision taken
 Ur executives are unprofessional, lack of knowledge, & fake commitments and making fool of customers .
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
 Despite repeated attempts to stop promotional calls n SMS' S it all continues . Which is vry dissapointing. . Don't want any or either. . Just STOP.. VODAFONE CARE N VD111 SPECIALLY. . ALSO 56789.. JUST STOP..
 Its too good I like Vodafone company. .
 in order to change my plan I went to your office 4 times stil its not change... .
 I am ready to share my experience.But everything cannot be explained in a text message
 006400690073006100700070006F0069006E0074006500640020D83DDE1E00200026002000640069007300670075007300740069006E0067002E002E002E
 I got very good service over there and I am happy to see it
 Good Service AS well as Good Experience being as a Old Company. . Wish u Happy X-Mas
 Its a good service
 Your service is really appreciated ! Thanku
 Bad network and deducting from balance without any reason
 Bad service
 Less time Immidiate attending Soft spoken Fresh Respecting client Good atmosphere and many more more things Pradeep in goregaon is very help ful man
 bmission done at the 1st counter itself
 For geting service with in 15min at store & connection has been activate after 2hr . Also ur store associate is very much co operative .
 EXCELLENT
 Not interested
 Q1Well its hard to recommend a product based only a visit Q2 it took a little too much time to get a duplicate sim Q3 the staff could be a bit more pleasant :-)
 I've been struggling to get my data plan work but seems like its not working and every one is giving me run around.....never had such a bad experience..very bad customer service
 The Associate didn't give satisfactory answers . I was not convinced with the reasons given for my problems .
 My appreciate on vodafone was best in mylife
 Targetted query from entry itself . Even though my token number wasnt announced . A free attendant asked my, my problem .
 I love ur services, from Vodafone staff n ur range is awesome were ever i go range is perfect thanku so much
 Yours Colection agent is cheat me he got 2 thousand rupee from me and his name is Ankit succena
 Very nice store and service is fast keep it up
 Experience is very gud and helpful
 Working speed was slow but over all it was great to begin their.. . (y)
 No comments but one suggestion rate plans r too higha
 Exec helped me very welll n proper onformation wss provided to me regarding the new connection.. . In short happy with the service provided... .
 The person was very rude while talking
 Efficient staff, prompt service, results in stipulated time .
 rmed free minutes include landlines also .
 It took quite long time . Also i am still waiting for my number to be converted from post to prepaid
 Vodaphone has a very poor 3g service
 Got an apt customer service and the person at the store was very cordial
 They try too fool customer to convert their no into post paid its wrong
 Thanks
 The gallery is always so crowded no one is there to help always have to wait for hours
 Overall excellent service . Exceeded my expectations .
 Waiting time is huge . The customer service people are slow in their process and solving complaints . Automation of things required so that waiting time could be minimized .
 It was a good experience at vodafone store & with vodafone yet . Thanks
 Ur billing in not accurate and rates highest among service providers.this has to improve .
 Long waiting at the store . But the executive was helpful and polite . This time around it was a better experience than some previous ones where the executives furnished misleading information .
 Q2- 3
 59824- I m not happy at all with your net service-1st solve my net prblom
 I had a good experience
 Not at all good...i had to search 3 stores to get one sim nd nobody knows were to find it
 My problem is well-attended by the concerned person who is courteous n polite in his behaviour .
 fer my friends also to vodafone
 None attended me while I was in the store . When I approached the reception/cash counter I was rudely asked to wait and I left without getting my problemresolved
 Iam not satisfied with your services
 My problems get solved with pleasing personality .
 I called higher authority thru my vodafone 9819 49 83 51 & notified my grievance . I was told to email & was assured of providing email id . But, later on
 It was a too much of a wait and didn't get any info on my unbilled amount
 Although there was very courteous service the reason for the visit namely provision of ISD service is still not done . Pl help and provide ISD
 Requested for bill
 I entered at 5 : 12 PM but only received by turn at 6: 20 PM. Improper managemnt
 For much better service. .
 Hi Vodafone team,  Thank you for giving so much trouble . From last three month I am getting charged for ISD call which I not did and also for toll freenumbers . Second thing may be frm last year also I am getting charged for one ISD no . 447786205094 I don't y this problem not getting solved from ur end.ch I charged wrongly from last 1 year or I will go to consumer court for this . Kindly do the needful .  Thanks and regards Ajay Kaushal
 Nice xperience
 It was great to visit in vodafone.all the queries was fullfiled
 He is very polite and very good Product knlodge thank u
 r to vodafone store . I wisit third time to get my security amount but i don't get anything .
 Wy he t 2 hour he know about yo system I hv complaints 2 morow also wy customer cheet u
 As a measure of appreciating your efforts in crm .
 All my queries were answered satisfactorily at a reasonable amount of time . One request which is beyond the limitations of the store associate was to update my billing address . I hope that Vodafone management will have a more flexible means of honoring this request other than being physically present to the original city of account especially for those who moved address outside the city of origin . I'm not sure as well if this information and requirementsof updating address are readily available online .
 I actually did not like your policy that, to transfer a no . To someone eles's name, we'll have to switch from prepaid connection to a postpaid one.. . Iwas not satisfied with the policy.. . Else everything was fine.. .
 Being bothered again n again that's why 4
 Mpesa qurise
 No coments plzz
 It was my 4th visit to Vodafone store and issue hasn't been resolved yet . Your employees don't have complete knowledge of refund process . In 2nd visit tostore on 21.09.14 they people processed my case without filling Sim no . And when I visited the store again on 23rd December they people said that yourcase could not be processed due to non availability of Sim no . Your people don't know from where to have Sim no . Its a total mess in Vodafone store lajpat nagar . Please take corrective action . I am a very old Vodafone user when your company's name used to be Hutch .
 Exclent
